my sister s apartment in gading icon had electricity cut off without notice even though i ve paid it s never late hope your day continues monday. i can t even register my property for a listing pls fix this asap. worst application ever ui sucks and many things don t work. before installing please be aware of fake photos slow customer service unfair electricity charging scheme horrible experience and service after more than 2 weeks with no news and excruciating customer service ping pong process my deposit got refunded please use other application out there that s definitely better than this. difficult to contact booking unit 10 was given unit 2 which was moldy and smelly could not be contacted the telephone was deliberately set not to be picked up longer response than snails. there are no problems in finding accommodation and making the booking but once you check in their customer service is the worst in my case upon arrival i ve already checked all inventory some things are missing not a big deal but some problems already there like the gas regulator leaked kitchen stove light can t turn off washing machine can t turn off t even power on all these i ve reported to the room boy but it s been almost 3 weeks i only rented the apartment for 1 month yet no one has come to fix it. we rent an apartment with washing machine facilities when i tried it it turned out it didn t work because the water couldn t flow the room boy insisted on signing the handover by promising that the technician would come in 1 hour which turned out to be a lie chat with the travelio admin and we were again promised that a technician would come at 19 00 but apparently he didn t the 3rd call with the same complaint turned out the technician could only come between 11 00 15 00. my advice is not to order via this application the handling of the unit is very bad the apartment i live in is moldy and dirty and doesn t match the price really disappointed. very disappointing. they won t refund your deposit unless you undergo a terrible customer service form filling etc maybe its their profit source idk what a waste stupid business model. travelio according to my experience is a gray business he seems to have been flagged by the kalibata city apartment management because there have been many cases in my 2nd month the unit i rented for the next 2 months had a problem the access card was blocked the customer service promised a total of 10 days to be taken care of but it was never completed the security tower no longer wanted to help their customer service trick is buying time i suspect there is no funds to resolve the problem quickly once can be trusted but if it happens twice without proof i think it s a stupid trick. 1 the wa chat bot doesn t have an agent chat option there are a lot of questions that the chat bot can t solve it s best to add a chat with agent menu on the wa number 2 it looks like the room boy is trying to commit fraud where he admits that he has filled in 100k tokens then sends an unconvincing invoice the nominal kwh in the application and invoice is different 3 the deposit is returned for a long time. book a room for 1 day turns out he was relocating the room boy immediately talked about relocation the reason for relocating is because the daily stuff is no longer ready if there isn t why is there an advertisement even entered the wa travelio business request cancelation it has been canceled but the money has not been refunded money is not a problem being annoyed because of unilateral relocation is what makes you bette and lazy. totally bad experience the worker said he needed my phone to check in and automatically put 5 stars to my booking even before i saw the room never use this application again additional staff didn t give me modem for internet and still charge it to refund i need to contact customer service customer service very slow response and not helpful at all tell u guys never use this application. rent 6 nights the first two nights there was no water in the unit so i had to stay elsewhere i asked who would be responsible if something like this travelio customer service immediately threw the responsibility to the building management there is no attempt to bridge between daily tenants and building management i use your services and systems so that my trip can be comfortable as soon as there is a problem you throw responsibility away. if you want to view the unit in advance you ll be told isn t it true that you don t have to pay in advance lol what rubbish attitude is this as soon as i asked for a view of the unit i was ignored for 4 days until now. i wasted 1 million and i won t change it before it s refunded. worst experience ever slow response from customer service and your problems will be transferred to their internal division and yes you need to speak to them one by one when you check out there s no information from them and they charge you with all charges possible so save your money and don t use this service. super slow application and has useless advertisement and features that interfere with the utility of finding apartments. worst service ever daily rental in an apartment actually means you have to excellent up your own electricity because it ran out protested to the customer service they said it was because of limited staff so they were asked to excellent up and refund to travelio the annual rent was even worse playing the claim of removing the air conditioner remote fine 150 thousand fortunately the video so ignore then suddenly the deposit was deducted from the last month s water money even though i sent the proof weeks ago to customer service and they said it was being processed by the billing team they are really tired of using it and it s not recommended. bad management and poor service they never really cleaned the room as they said they did there is no coordination among the staff the staffs are not professional in handling customer issues super disappointed in trusting this application for my stay. sales customer service super slow to respond just to schedule a viewing is already sweaty enough. apparently they block all foreign credit cards they will have to whitelist your credit card which they say takes 24 hours but that s not the case really disappointed by this the customer service is very hard to communicate with and half the time their responses make no sense even if you rent a brand new apartment for 1 month there s no way to get wifi which is simply bizarre in 2024 i would recommend people to never use this application and use something else. it was a very bad experience even after waiting six hours with them they didn t give us the key we sat in the lobby and waited we are still staying in another apartment and they are not giving the key of the apartment we have booked. tenants are made unable to extend or cannot rent the same unit again unless they pay an additional fine of 1 million customer service is very unresponsive only answering once a day or taking a very long time all rental fees are required to be paid in advance before getting the unit but it is not certain that the unit in question is available for rent refunds for rent and deposits take a very long time to see examples of units is quite complicated and difficult for those who want to rent i suggest that you be very careful about using travelio. customer service really slow response making it difficult to communicate in real time not informed that parking access cannot be arranged on holidays it can only be done on mondays whereas paying per hour is expensive 24 hours x 50 alone so you have to negotiate with the apartment i anticipate contacting the roomboy first beforehand i ve paid for 1 year you know on weekdays it s not permitted the point is that customer service does not have a solution gamau acknowledges mistakes and everything is borne by the customer you can see the reply it s also annoying not to admit it s wrong. fraud i haven t received the key arrived in the application already checked in asked for a refund it was not able for the reason that i have already checked in deposit 2 hours prior ask for ktp to be sent booked a luxury room with 3 rooms paid but the keys were not given arrive they said he was checked in hahaha nobody called no one was active no response on chat no one was standby in the venue fun. fucking application irresponsible i guarantee that those who use this application will regret it many of these fees are not transparent and just cut people s deposits. i have paid the rental fee of 3 mg before checking in i have also paid the deposit on day 1 and have set a check in schedule from day 1 on the day i had to wait 3 hours in the lobby without confirmation of when i could check in which turned out to be because the toilet was broken and the air conditioner needed to be repaired i was also not informed before checking in that i had to submit documents to management so i could get my goods in the unit still can t be occupied which means i can only stay there for less than 1 year where have i been a month before. very disappointed with the quality of customer service and utility bills customer service was very slow in responding and did not answer my questions bills don t make sense i paid 2x the amount i usually pay in the first month even though i only stayed there for 2 weeks because 2 weeks were out of town this figure is far above my bills elsewhere even though the usage is not much different only 2 lights a refrigerator an air conditioner that is not 24 hours a day and a cellphone and laptop charger i have to pay up to 800 thousand. the application are not user friendly and the customer service phone line is always busy. this application is messed up really slow response wow i ll give it back my money basically i won t stop returning my deposit making it up and trapping consumers be careful if you use travelio really bad bad review starting from check in and check out was a mess please if you don t want to be fooled. once your money is taken this application won t be responsible for anything even they already confess their mistakes horrible management. don t use this application ask to pay quickly return the old deposit give the worst apartment unit no gas no air conditioner in the living room no curtains tv can t be installed no wifi broken cutlery broken plates regulator unsafe gas dirty windows don t let yourself become victims. the unit does not match the photo can t replace can t refund i feel cheated. bad service slow response too wordy paid at 1 pm and it was only confirmed at 4 30 pm then i was told to wait until 18 30 but at 18 30 i still couldn t check in. big scam hopefully there will be no further victims like me the travelio team really has no empathy and made my refund process difficult please enjoy my 15 million i hope it is useful for all of you i hope every rupiah you take from me will be returned to all of you. customer service is unresponsive technicians are not on time the application does not create notifications to notify agents that there is a new chat from the tenant. it s really a scam the method of renting out apartments but the apartment is fictitious i already booked and paid for it i came to the apartment but couldn t check in the reason was that the room was damaged in the earthquake asking for a refund is actually very difficult to get a refund. there is no clarity on the deposit returning the deposit is very difficult we have to confirm it to the admin several times the admin said that the deposit will be released after we receive an email regarding water usage but when the email came out regarding water costs there was no certainty when my deposit would be returned after a month after the email was issued we continued to contact them then there was confirmation regarding the bank that would be transferred it was travelio s turn to ask for a deposit on the day before it had to be sent critical. there s no service the live chat waiting time is forever the person in charge to take us to our room is nowhere to be found can t call the number they provided does not exist i m waiting like an hour in the lobby. zero response from customer service completely disappeared after i paid for it. the application lacks so much on pc it s unusable come the travelio team in indonesia bogor they are the most useless and i can say this safely that 90 of the apartments in bogor are scam they look really nice but in reality totally abandoned and hell dirty the complaints department is so useless i literally used it to book 8 months in multiple apartments in bogor and each one of them has a tone of problems from dirty to totally uninhabitable the service team has no skills in even basic cleaning. the staff was really hard to contact the unit for rent was far from decent i was stuck in the unit for 15 minutes because the key was stuck in the end i decided to check out straight away because i was afraid the key would jam again and i didn t know where to go to get help. coming to a residence in very dirty conditions is not recommended at all there is no internet good city communication with the roomboy is not very good. the communication was really bad just to check in you had to wait for the roomboy to come first who came took a long time. the service was very bad i rented an apartment at a fully furnished price for 3 months but when i checked in april 15 2024 there was no furniture mentioned in the contract such as tv microwave rice cooker electric kettle when you complain you are asked to wait for coordination with the field team now it s may 6 2024 there are still no promised facilities customer service also keeps changing and always asks to explain from the start in the end they only answer waiting for updates i asked for a refund for the remaining 2 months no response no more travelio. getting worse after each update service is slow unprofessional. bad service slow customer service very bad experience with this application i was waiting 2 hours to get the access to check in the number to call was not answered whatsapp did not respond so disappointed. worst booking application and service we wasted a lot of time in the communication using chat which has a very long delay to get a response on excellent of that request we said in the chat did not get done we had to wait over 1 hour for the roomboy to arrive and the roomboy was ordered to ask us to rate this application 5 stars the unit we stayed in had no wifi no shower curtain in the master bedroom the tv cable was sticking out but no tv but it has lots of cockroaches they are everywhere even in the elevator. travelio is very unprofessional please be careful. no more ordering apart using this application it s really complicated the customer service is really hard to chat with they always reply to automatic messages it s hard to get the deposit back because the name of the guest and the orderer are different even though the application also clearly tells you to fill in the name of the guest who checked in who the order was but making the deposit back is really complicated this is the most complicated application it s never this complicated to stay for just a few days usually refunds are deposited in cash or directly to the payer s account. poor application poor service poor customer service poor everything sorry for saying this. very slow respon the price may be cheap but at times it will lose to those who have good service. terrible platform for short term lease terrible communication terrible contract no wifi in the apartment and so much more i have used a lot of platforms all over asia as a digital nomad and this was the absolute worst experience ever unbelievable. recommend you to uninstall this application since it has a very poor system and useless they make it more complicated to use than other application it was my first time using travelio and had a horrible experience this application is required to install so that the customer can get communicated more easily and connect to the roomboy however it didn t happen as it is described one more pls respond to all the customers feedback and have immediate improvement your sorry works nothing. slow response please improve your customer service more and more far fetched be careful travelio asks for a commission of 500 thousand from the rental price of idr 2 million 3 million month wow what does the property owner get monthly ipl is also borne by the owner. monthly rentals are only given 2x24 hour free maintenance after that all costs are charged to the guest rent an apartment for 1 month after occupying it for 1 week suddenly there is an air conditioner leak complain there is another maintenance fee if you let it leak you will be charged even though the air conditioner leak was not the guest s fault it s so complicated from the start booking was complicated just rent an apartment once on travelio really disappointed. worst the unit at taman sari sudirman has lots of cockroaches i ve asked for repairs but there are still lots of cockroaches moving to a newton apartment 1 month was no problem but when extending it turned out the unit didn t get cleaning even though the renewal fee was the same as the first month s rental fee. i ve been using travelio for almost 2 years and finally gave up because there are lots of bad terms and conditions for example increasing the duration of the apartment rental means you have to add a deposit after a long argument it was finally waived but i m still not happy with the penalty for renting my unit my review is that i am still uncomfortable dealing with this travelio and there are penalty fees if something happens to our transaction so be wise before using this application. please teach customer service to be polite it s not polite to interrupt a customer while they re talking and if it s a mistake on travelio s part it would be good to admit the mistake instead of dodging this or that which will actually make the customer even more annoyed admit mistakes ask what is comfortable to be the solution more training on customer service. the customer service was bad i took a long time to check the unit failed to check the unit 3 times there was a reason even though i was from out of town i was on leave i just ignored it and then apologized at the end. trash application i wanted to ask about deposit refunds and talked to the agent but instead i was only presented with useless articles by the chat bot. can t even park the worst application it s like cheating. my suggestion is that it s better to just go to a hotel instead of applying it like this unless you want it to be complicated you re confused about where to coordinate via the slow response application you can t get a refund it s messy. bad it s hard to just contact customer service. this scam application guys the customer service is slow to respond and not responsible it s the same as storing money for free i made a comment like this so that no one else gets cheated. very bad customer support they don t respond and if they do it s excuses no results the room is bad no gas for the stove the door handle fell off no cable or internet i think all the positive reviews are spam by the owner. new application update sucks can t see which date is available terrible ui please revert to previous ui. currently disappointed by the service there should be an option to refund if the rented unit is unliveable compensating with vouchers below rent rate is unfair i had attempted to book repairs but no adjustment was made it seems there are no standards on unit management it is not a worthy experience and something i never wish to experience again. card was damaged told to wait 1 2 hours without compensation. regret renting an apartment using travelio there are many hidden costs that end up being much more expensive than using there is no warm shower no wifi the room is never cleaned asked for a deposit of millions of rupiah which will be deducted when checking out for electricity and water costs this is also a hidden cost that will not occur if you use the application this is the first and last for me seriously tired. when there are urgent matters customer service responds slowly when my room boy was sick i had to go to more than 3 other room boys for help and the process was slow. it needs to be updated a little bit bother. i suggest you never check in especially monthly or over a relatively long period at once i ve only checked in for 5 days i haven t had time to check out the facilities because i work until late at night suddenly the air conditioner broke but because it says in the contract that you have to report 2x24 hours if there is damage if you want it to be covered by travelio then i can t complain it s a shame even though i have rented it for 6 months i have to bear the repair costs myself for the next 6 months make a loss. hidden bill without approval do not use travelio stupid staff inconclusive just asking for money service is garbage. 1st and the last booked from this application i booked the unit in the anderson tower 2307 first time checking in the room was dirty too many cockroaches and garbage luckily that also has roomboy saw that i also complained to change the room but they offer pest control and that s useless until i checkout still have cockroach offer price with room condition is not affordable support literraly too slow to respond and wastes my time lastly deposit refund is also not clear as i said earlier. very very bad a travelio agent forced me to break into my apartment unit never use travelio. it s difficult to register captcha fails keep getting weird. inferior service unreliable. do not work with them no human could anwer you even if you get the real human cause this human always get system failure as execuse from check in to deposit refund all fail. the worst system if you want to complain you are told to respond via live chat so it s fast it s really fast the reply takes a really long time you can t get through to customer service payment is complicated you have to wa here and there maintenance is complicated everything is a hassle not highly recommend. rented for 3 months and used this application for the first time at a price of 6 8 million per month in the application it was written all the facilities i needed gym swimming pool but when i checked in there were lots of issues because the unit was very dirty and the air conditioner was not cold et al then what was most disappointing was that the gym facilities i needed couldn t be used if i only rented it for 3 months because i had to go to prs and it was rejected i asked for responsibility compensation via live chat but there were 0 solutions disappointed. very bad service customer service response is very slow and often doesn t help at all even when checking out was difficult no one helped to check out will my deposit be returned. bad experience with travelio they can allow so many people to get into 1 unit with the capacity only 4 people making noisy all night disturbing neighbors very annoying don t have strict rules to tenants so tenants feel like there are no neighbors around if you have so many complaints then you should stick with it don t play tricks and make others suffer. there is no live chat menu the guide is very misrepring. i ve given up on the long service it s gone. the worst application unprofessional be careful if you leave something behind it won t be returned so terrible kapok will not use this application again. it s complicated it s hard to get the deposit back. bad don t order. march 2024 i just discovered that they traded my email address to spammers and hacked my password do not use this company we rented from them and the company always puts rent up after you rent don t rent from this company or you will be sorry lousy service and they try to pass the cost of maintenance to you they wouldn t even fix a leaking tap sleazy untrustworthy and stingy. bad service apart units that are no longer fit for habitation are still advertised using photos of when the unit was first furnished i found my unit was damp moldy the floor was damaged there were leaks and there were lots of small cockroaches then after being given photo evidence their solution was to check and repair it i asked to change to another apartment and they said it wasn t allowed then when i asked for a refund they said they couldn t refund or cancel please honest businesses don t do this scammer model. worst rental management bad service for the owner the rental unit is damaged travelio is irresponsible highly not recommended customer service is like a robot the intention to invest ended up making a loss most of the maintenance costs were charged a little but the repairs were not good. am a travelio user who has rented 5 times so i will share my experience my electricity was shut down twice because the owner didn t pay the electricity bill even though every month trvelio charged me for electricity and water bills the worst customer service i have ever encountered incompetent takes a long time to answer and is always complicated with repeated answers without any solution if you rent here please do so at your own risk. am using this application to rent an apartment in jakarta and now i want to extend one year with an agreement that it will be 2x installments but their coordination is very disappointing they keep asking me to get ready to pay but they never send the payment link and then another person will contact me and ask me to get ready to pay but they are not aware with the final negotiation so i will need to explain from the beginning it has already been 1 week and i never got the payment link. unit e06cn in kalibata city tower ebony for rent does not match what is offered the access card was problematic from the start of entry and was not cleared up the internet has been problematic since the first entry and has not been resolved even though i have paid 600 thousand the customer service and roomboy contacts only said they would follow up but it s been days since they ve seen any follow up. bad service deposit returns are difficult live chat takes a very long time. waiting for roomboy for more than 2 hours worse all customer service not responding. in the past i was really disappointed because the unit was dirty checking it was complicated finally uninstalled today i wanted to try again but it turned out i was right at that time don t try again. worst service application. bad application not fair with owner apartment. bad service detrimental to consumers hopefully many people will think again about using this application again. be careful with fraudulent travelio staff there was an incident where a travelio staff named antok cheated around 50 million from several people and i was also a victim however until now travelio has not processed the staff and left them to enjoy the stolen money very irresponsible. there are lots of hidden fees after you finish renting here they say it s free ipl but the cost of public street lighting is also ultimately charged to us after that we just forwarded the bill from the apartment owner to us there was also an admin fee of 15 thousand wkwkwk don t rent here it s a mess complaints about late response. first time using it and very bad customer service response is bad the properties displayed also do not correspond to the physical reality in fact travelio should check the condition of the tenant properties listed when the complaint was submitted there was no response and instead they offered compensation for a travelio voucher with a nominal amount highly not recommended just choose another application. the price stated in the promotion does not include other costs after paying according to the application the booking was not immediately approved after a day i asked the customer service it turned out that there was another additional fee that had to be paid because i felt uncomfortable i asked for a refund but at the same time they were forced to approve it unilaterally and if it had been approved there was no refund again think twice before paying your money to this application because it will be very difficult to get your money back customer service hasn t responded yet which is very slow. 1 information from customer service between wa and telephone is inconsistent 2 when the unit is paid off it is not immediately passed to the roomboy so it is less effective and makes communication difficult between the tenant and the unit owner roomboy directly 3 roomboy is good but it keeps getting reviewed waiting for the 200 deposit annoyed. for the check in process it was really bad there was no direct staff to contact for the check in process so you had to wait a long time no longer using travelio. it s complicated boss waited a long time didn t come it s better to look for another better application very disappointing. the application is not clear open it in other application but can t be contacted. the application is dilapidated the service is terrible be careful if you order an apartment here like you like your forehead. always exits automatically please fix the bug. ordered twice and both times had problems slow service suddenly on the day couldn t check in said the owner hadn t paid the bill communication is unclear and slow again asking for a refund after the refund immediately uninstall it. the customer service is really bad the application also likes to force close travelio s management is also confused giving customers rooms that don t match what is stated in the application and what s worse is that the rooms are not cleaned according to the cleaning fee paid. i am the owner and have collaborated with travelio since 2019 but during that time there was nothing positive that i could assess from all of travelio s services even if it was calculated to be detrimental to the apartment owner. as an owner i was annoyed working with travelio before handing over the keys the agent always follows up once the keys are handed over it is difficult to communicate with the agent can only communicate with boot annoying for those who want to collaborate with travelio you should think again. very bad the experience was very bad. nothing more than trash the customer service replies once a month don t ever use this trash application if you don t want to regret it. sales are all brains not emotions. customer service is very slow and doesn t care about customers. critical deposits are not returned contacting customer service is really difficult the unit received was dirty the application suddenly orders its own service at 12 at night crazy who orders at 12 at night. travelio is really bad the staff can t work they didn t check the unit first the tv was broken the wifi was ordered 3 weeks ago but when they checked in it wasn t there the staff was stupid i ve been complaining for a week and ignored the reasons this that. extremely bad service was going to rent apartment for 3 months but it took me 2 months with them just for back and forth found suitable unit in other application in one week stress free. no customer service response at all in their application whatsapp number once we paid the booking status is just pending with no option to cancel the reservation. the application is not clear. ordered using the internet but the internet can t work long service time it looks like this one star will not change. such an awkward application you can t browse listings by location updated review travelio are scammers they will not provide original electricity and water bills directly from building management instead they issue their own bills with fees inflated by at least 40 should be max 850ribu pm but they demand 1 4 million internet also paid for but quota already half used even before i moved in i noticed reading these reviews that i m not the only one being scammed. long check in process likewise checking out the room boy contacted didn t reply so i checked out myself i contacted customer service via whatsapp and the reply took a long time hopefully my deposit refund process will not be like this and hopefully the service will be improved soon. customer service took so long to answer simple questions. renting a shitty apartment blacklist. live chat response was very slow no clarity was given until after purchasing via another application we still didn t get an answer about availability and allocation to other units. if you want to rent using this platform it s better to think about it first the rates posted up front may seem cheap but when you rent the apartment there will definitely be additional costs included in the electricity and water bills as smartly as we can we take care of it and complain the deposit is immediately reversed and deducted immediately just be careful. serious application huh it s better to just use airbnb because usually there is free parking used it twice and was disappointed with the service. customer service is very slow i book for a month including for the internet since checking in me and the roomboy already noticed there s no internet wether in roomboy application nor inside the unit there s no router i already reported via whatsappandchat with agent via application but until now there s no solution regarding this matter the customer service always asks me to wait 2x24 hours plus 1x24 hours funny thing is still i got nothing please solve this problem asap tired of waiting with no certainty. very bad service when i arrived at the unit i was left waiting for 2 5 hours because the unit was having problems waiting for a long time without certainty after hours we were given information that we had to relocate arriving at the relocation you still have to wait another 1 hour gosh contacting customer service is the same there is no clarity regarding the price difference that must be refunded the difference in the information does not match the difference comparison in the application very very disappointing. the application is really bad every time you want to search it s slow. new application using bot is suck there s no option to talk or to address the problem. trash applications amen chats from wa officials room boy instagram all applications are not replyed just close it if you can t operate checkin was two hours late what s the point in the schedule if that s the case. worst service i am staying for last 2 months everytime i ask for cleaning guy he will not show up can t directly contact also can only via customer care for which they don t know any context. the most complicated application. customer service is really slow chat has not been answered for 2 hours calls are always busy the technician had scheduled it for 10 o clock but he didn t come there was no confirmation whatsoever. i will use the half star feature to provide feedback on this application because this application is really bad from the first check in there are lots of problems until the refund is problematic it works very slowly don t use this application my advice i m afraid this application is a liar. very very bad service avoid using this application. slow response not very helpful on any inquiries. it s worse they don t have anyone to handle it they don t even want to contact them via whatsapp when they want to checkout this is a company with a broker mentality they don t want to invest in quality human resources i had promised to come at half past 11 at 12 no news i even got angry and asked to be contacted via whatsapp first but didn t want to. already paid it s been more than 72 hours from promise there is no order confirmation yet money is stuck. the washing machine is not ready to use the mattress has lots of red ants. worse application available for rent the most unhelpful customer service teams with now worsening customer service bots that are unable to respond correctly don t believe it s sick leave reason when late to check in because i ve seen more than 5 times on different people orders with exactly the same sick leave reason when they are late me myself has been experiencing having to wait more than 4 hours at lobby with no one responding and couldn t get into the unit multiple times because their bad works. even though i had booked well in advance the day of check in arrived i wasn t given a room boy number i asked to chat via the application the application was not responsive and i had to call the call center for credit complained loudly and then i was given the number the unit given was different he said it wasn t ready because there was damage but the other room boy said it was because there were still people there reporting the damage took more than a month and the technician came 4 times before it was clear if you want to extend the price is 1 5 million different on the extend page and payment page it s ridiculous. customer service is a nightmare you will not get any solutions for any problems that occur while you stay believe me. was renting my previous apartment for more than a year already when someone else overbooked my place and i didn t get any notice about this until i was about to extend my lease and when i asked them why did they not ask or tell me anything about this their only reply was sorry for the inconvenience. check in was smooth good service but the check out process was not clear customer service and field staff lacked coordination the deposit return process took a long time it s been almost a week since the funds have not arrived. need to update every time i open it. returning the deposit refund took a very long time chatted with customer service with the same questions and answers but there was no solution. i just checked in and the room smelled like urine in the past i never had this problem renting a unit from this application but now it just seems like the quality is going down i regret renting this unit. trapping consumers i have chatted with travelio center to overstay in the old room without payment because the new room is still damaged yes i automatically overstayed in that room because it was allowed ehh when the deposit was returned 877 0 was deducted for the overstay fine i ve given you a screenshot of the conversation but i still don t want to know if you make provisions don t be careless you can often trap consumers by saying they can overstay without payment but when they get a refund the deposit will still be deducted maling. bad rent the unit for a month the air conditioner is hot the water is leaking there are insects in the room pay for wifi for a month can t connect. bad response. response to complaints is very very slow. never use this application very bad chat system reload it then it makes me dizzy chatting every time you confirm a chat you always have to repeat the confirmation and data is the customer support hand over information about customers who stay like that if they can t answer they delete it and just leave the customer electricity and water bills are not transparent there is no detailed explanation of pln bills so how do we know if the bill is accurate or not that s called take profit. service is not optimal the officer in charge of the unit is not responsive critical. fraudulent application the agent is not trustworthy the marketing is not honest. bad experience i wouldn t recommend to stay and book your accommodation here as it is so bad my room smells weird full of cockroaches in every furniture especially bed and sofa and dirty not worth it for 1 3 mio the staff is kind but the room condition ruins it all lack of maintenance and quality control overall it s all a bad experience. bad experience dirty room flawed check in progress. the service is terrible. they re the most bad applications with a lot of trouble i have used this application to find an apartment i rented a unit in gading icon tower 2b located at pulo gadung jaktim my book was this unit but i got a different unit bcs the unit that i booked still had a bill and didn t pay yet so i ve been waiting in the lobby for 5 hours and finally they relocated me to another unit after 2 days they asked me to move and wanted to relocate me to another unit and many more i lost a lot of money because of them. very bad experience. very bad service it s been more than 1 week with no repairs or responses for several damaged installations i even made an appointment for the cleaner at 10 o clock but he contacted me in the morning and i also had to follow up with the operations crew very bad. the cc team is less responsive. checked in at 2 pm and was told to wait 1 hour without any further confirmation the service is terrible bad first impression customer service late respond. the worst the dont let you review the places you have visited so they can hide the bad reviews so if you want to know the honest one read every single comment bellow or above me waste time and money. the admin is not clear about anything live chat can t send videos follow up takes a long time then he attached the call center number but it couldn t be contacted either it s not clear it s better to just use oyo guys. just looking for a place in a big city there are very few other cities. i have no problems with the application but i have a very very awful experience they don t deserve even a star the unit was not prepared well i found many hairs in the bathroom the bathroom drain wasn t working they offered to get it fixed on jan 3rd meanwhile i booked from dec 29th jan 2nd how is it possible to have a terrible service like that the air conditioner drain is also not working the waters are floating in the balcony there is a wet and dirty mop in the bathroom such a terrible experience with travelio. bad service. very bad service very long and irresponsible. trash application. stupid application customer service takes a long time it takes a long time to check in you have to chat using via chat on the application but the auto reply continues to respond slowly will never use this again. very long response. bad service after complaining the customer service didn t respond the unit was dirty the roomboy didn t accompany him to the unit don t recommend it at all. customer service is very slow processing parking abutments has been going on for 11 days with no progress i have contacted customer service but there is still no solution or progress the reason is still waiting for confirmation give up on monthly orders at tavelio. pay first then check room availability so ordering a room is a gamble right. it s very bad that the complaint took a long time to respond it included electricity but the token ran out no response told us to look for the information ourselves not recommended the service when we entered the apartment was still dirty really inconsequential travelio. don t want to rent using this application your deposit will be difficult. the service was very bad in the room the air conditioner was dead and the tap was leaking complaints to customer service were answered for a very long time requests for room cleaning have not been cleaned until now basically you could say it s half a scam the price isn t really cheap protect your money don t order using this application. it s been 18 days but the deposit fee has not been returned very disappointing bad application. very disappointing service. good but i changed my mind i rent an apartment for 1 month when i checked in 16 dec 2023 everything was ok including wifi modem the quota was 25 gb for 1 month i paid around idr 300k but the day after it 17 dec 2023 no internet connection can you imagine i m not a gamer and i didn t watch youtube 16 dec 2023 was saturday i remember i had a family event so i went outside it means no body in my apartment and using the internet quota. there is no refund menu there is an additional fee deposit whose designation is not clear. bad service rented for a month but in less than a week the air conditioner was no longer cold the customer service was slow to respond waited a few more days before the technician came to check it and waited again to have it repaired. watch out for lots of lies charges for this and that and complaints are not heard. very bad service slow. the first time and the last time i used travelio i booked a 3br apartment in the braga area i have scheduled a check in at 15 00 communication only uses chat application waiting for a reply to chat for a long time how do i want to check in after waiting almost 1 hour 30 minutes i was finally able to meet the staff you have to tell a paid call center entered the unit and the condition of the unit was explained it was damaged damaged units do not sell. the service is not good bad experience. will not use travelio again to rent accommodation such as apartments my first experience using travelio was very bad apartment unit rentals and internet were not provided with a modem router internet refunds are not clear if you don t ask just ask and it s still not clear you can t log in to the website but you can log in to the ios application the unit is outdated and has lots of insects such as cockroaches and other small insects. customer service is very irresponsible if there is a complaint they will not respond for 30 minutes 1 hour unless you pretend to order a unit they will respond immediately but after you complain there will be no response back running away from responsibility customer service performance is very poor not recommended for renting units for more than 3 months because customer service service is very very bad. i downloaded it because my booking on traveloka turned out to be under travelio but i couldn t receive the otp delivery and i had difficulty checking in difficulty contacting the call center too. possibly one of the worst in regards to service the room wasn t clean up upon check in the aircon was broken the agent made every excuse to be irresponsible worst experience first time and the last time to be using this service. yesterday i ordered an apartment from travelio and the unit often had lights out and i tried to contact the customer service the handling took a very long time and from the application to the real thing it was very different the gatell mattress not very clean it said there was wifi but it turned out there wasn t any at all very disappointing there is no responsibility from travelio. worst service damaged units are marketed the response took a very very long time even the supervisor level did not dare to respond there s no responsibility at all never market or rent via travelio updated info can enter the unit at 8pm after waiting for more than 5 hours with travelio s response being very slow replacing the unit didn t want to i was forced to use the damaged unit which was really detrimental travelio severe. customer service is very bad. very disappointing from booking to check in waiting more than 3 hours for the key the apartment for rent has air conditioner heater tv wifi all problems so bad. dumb as fk service with no coordination what so ever dont even not install anymore lol. never book from travelio the service is really bad the customer service isn t helpful at all and they will mark up your bill i found discrepancy between the water bill that the building management sent and travelio sent. after the booking and payment process it turns out the unit is not available the refund process is not clear at all the call center is not responding the chat via the application is not responding you bastard. it s better to use another more trusted application i ordered a unit on this application but after payment the unit was not available and customer service was very difficult to contact it s better to order using the next door neighbor s application. there is no policy for changing booking orders change date let alone refunds we ask customers to pay attention and consider this in the future customer service response is also slow and only prioritizes the owner s interests. bad service customer service is not helpful until checking in out and deposit returns are super difficult. i ordered 3 nights at the menteng apartment but instead i was invited to play ping pong to stay healthy i was given the next option i have chosen it but again there was a notification that it was unavailable up to 2x so a 1 star fix is the best. very very unpleasant not flexible the application is not very user friendly. the rental price is cheap but when renting monthly the price is replaced by paying for expensive electricity and water. experience not good at all the check in process is terrible will not order from this again. don t ever stay here scam it s expensive the service is not clear customer service only makes responses without action waste of money boss renting here use all deposits. broken system gbs call or wa contact center agent can t be contacted at all can t chat on application check in officer is up to 30 minutes late. the live chat is very bad laggy chats that were previously sent suddenly disappear not opened the application is always updating. customer service dregs i wanted to check in and waited a long time even though i had set the time. very very bad application the customer service was slow responsive i rented an apartment for 1 week but the electricity went off twice because they didn t excellent up the electricity credit enough. at first it was sweet it turned out the unit was a scam it was reported that the internet was in arrears so during the stay there was no wifi even though the position is on the excellent floor want to enjoy a nice and expensive apartment so it feels like a budget hotel even worse because there is no cleaning. for property owners who want to rent out on travelio it s better not to we are not allowed to carry out unit maintenance ourselves it has to be from travelio but problems often arise because my unit is not maintained for apartment units that are not rented out this month the water and electricity bills are as if they were occupied it could be that travelio sales are naughty my unit was rented out without paying me a commission don t bother using travelio there s a lot to lose. playing cutting deposits as you please every time you make an appointment to pick up the key you re always late thank you for the enjoyable experience facilities according to application internet paid in full can t be refunded if the internet goes down for many reasons just eat haram money. the application interface is really good it s just that the service isn t great i ve been in touch with travelio twice and no more first experience staycation and the bellboy was more than an hour late for the appointment time then asked to be given 5 stars too second experience i wanted to rent an apartment and the boss who was in charge of accompanying the survey had a really slow response actually it s just the customer service that s better all the field officers have nothing to do. the customer support is terrible can t respond quickly wonder what the job is doing. very bad customer service for handling problems the chat application is very bad and slow customer service is slow to respond to handling problems customer service is fast when it comes to bills. travelio really annoys me every month i will definitely be charged a repair fee of between 200 thousand to 500 thousand when i stopped the contract i was charged for replacing 5 pillows even though i only prepared 4 pillows but after the unit was returned it turned out that the pillow had not been replaced so i complained he said it couldn t be refunded i want to return the pillow to me i don t accept it because the pillow is intended for customers not for me. worst customer service ever watch out for the so called price fluctuations they advertise click bait on the web and application once you click the price suddenly fluctuates just be careful the worst ever experience of my life take them 3 weeks to get a parking authorization letter i moved into a filthy dirty blood stained linen dirty floors hair everywhere nasty dirty apartment the wifi didn t work took them 3 weeks to fix that excellent service when taking my money. poor service and very very slow for internet installation and contract signing customer service kept saying to ask the owner for the internet he didn t tell me either asked whether the internet was unlimited or not they said you could ask the provider kebangetan customer service answered like a robot his answer was long winded even signing a contract can miss the time even the travel person doesn t know which person the contract is with i m tired of using this once. times daily ordering apartments on travelio the experience was not good got an apartment that wasn t good because it was dirty like lots of dust apart from that it was complicated in the customer service for the check in process because i had to wait to be contacted so it was difficult if i wanted to get direct contact with the person holding the key showing a house can also be a bad experience because the showing hours are less flexible and the travel agent also doesn t understand the unit being rented hopefully it will get better in the future. the application is full of traps and fraud what s the profit those who suffer losses will be subject to penalties. be careful when using travelio s services there are indications of fraud with the method of relocating exchanging the rented unit for one that is cheaper than the one originally booked the difference in price paid will not be returned 06 december 2023 until now there has been no response so it can be categorized as travelio having committed fraud please be careful for those who will use this application service. very bad experience customer service was very unresponsive field people were also hands off the unit did not match what was stated in the application please improve the performance and quality. not recommended customer service is difficult to contact it doesn t match the original room and the picture in the application. complaining about deposit refunds is very long winded if there is a problem don t book here. the payment system on this application sucks order options for other people and i am the orderer the payment deposit system from the payment gateway refund is not integrated into the system so if you order for someone else with a large number of orders cannot get an automatic refund to the orderer who paid the deposit sop for filling out the account name difference form even though the account is the one that pays for the order the refund must go to an account that remains in someone else s name too much paperwork is useless. very bad service asked to change linen at 11 am only arrived at 10 pm the appointment was to check in at 3 o clock but it was late. the application is useful but the service is super horrible and the fact that they couldn t find my booking under my name and others as i have seen in the list of reviews is just one of the proofs of their poor service system. bad service bad customer service bad rules. worst application service ever the service really took a long time waiting for travelio s coordination for a long time finally paid directly to the apartment but i didn t want to change the reimbursement it s my turn to pay on the application don t take it to the apartment what do you want in chat the reply takes a long time the answer is a template damn. applying for a refund took a really long time it s been almost 6 months and there s still no progress. disappointed because i ordered the wrong one but there is no option for refunds such as points which will later be used again to order here again because the units available there is no solution i ve ordered here several times but was disappointed why there was no refund or change unit feature at the same price. just look for and check the items i left behind it s been a month and i don t know where even though initially the travelio staff informed me it s really bad. the application chat feature is still incredibly annoying i ve texted and complained about air conditioner not working and it will take them ages just to relay the message to the engineering team the engineering team also complained about the customer service team one wonders if they re serious about doing their business or are planning to close soon. ais can t i use this application twice super super super bad service asked for a transfer beh told me quickly my turn to refund the deposit was half dead i suggest you just close this application i swear it will make your blood boil if you don t believe it try it you ll see the same luck if there are 0 stars i ll give 0. absolutely no respect for users and consumers. worst customer service i need help from customer service which should only require a 5 10 minute conversation but via live chat the application takes more than 2 hours trust me renting property directly to the owner or using other applications traveloka or agoda makes your life much easier compared to using travelio which only wastes the customer s time. key exchange not according to initial agreement waiting more than 1 hour for key exchange arrival. the broken air conditioner was not repaired until i stayed the last day 5 days my deposit was also not returned difficult to contact customer service. suck change room at last minute. the worst apartment booking application i have ever used the staff is very unprofessional customers have to wait for them for 1 to 2 hours to receive the key check in and technicians who have been confirmed to come to install equipment in the room can cancel because they are assigned to another place the customer is left waiting without notification and what s worse their customer service is always difficult to contact. i want to rent daily when i want to check airbnb let s check travelio too but how is that possible the application is loading loading optimizing i m tired bro i don t have time i close it and go straight back to airbnb next tell your programmer to make the application open directly no need to optimize anything. stranded for more than 1 hour thanks to travelio nobody answered my calls someone finally got back after almost an hour to write a report. the worst application it s hard to contact the customer service once i booked the apartment the response was taking so long wasting time if making a book an apartment via this bad application not recommended application it s better don t make a booked any house apartment etc via this application. just booked for today until 12 november 2023 it s really bad the room doesn t match the photo the lights are off and calling engineering is difficult wa chat is responded to but it s still not enough because there is no solution i ask for an immediate refund because i ve bought another room and i ve lost a lot in my opinion it s not cheap for 1 night 700 thousand but the service is like this the room is bad please don t sell it. no more travelio. i tried renting it then there was a cleaning fee but the room was really dirty i complained about recleaning and making an appointment but on the day before there was no news from the staff it was a waste of time if you don t have the intention to clean it you don t have to force me to pay the cleaning fee. originally checked out on november 8th but because i was out of town i asked spy to be made to the 5th afternoon but apparently it was changed to the 5th at 12 o clock then i asked to change it to the 6th if that s the case but it wasn t allowed because check out was already written on the 5th my suggestion compare the checkout date with the initial date not the last date edited sorry i m disappointed. very unprofessional all the customer service doesn t have empathy and took very long just to process something it s an easy application but not with the service. i ve rented from travelio twice and the unit was not as offered travelio is not responsive to tenant complaints makes the hiring process difficult the application also often glitches and customer service is difficult to contact additionally ordering in my wife s name and travelio didn t pick up my call. 1 take you 2 hours to wait for their team to come and help you check in 2 customer service never gonna answer your call 3 slow live chat response 4 pay daily parking which is fkng expensive because building management and travelio didn t have an agreement about membership parking 5 take you 3 days for their team to handle the check out 6 it s been more than a month and they haven t returned my deposit. my unit has dead water waited for hours can t complain can t get a refund. bad service very slow until now i haven t been able to check in it s already 16 14 poor children and my wife have been waiting since 12 noon. until now i regret ordering on travelio it turns out there have been lots of bad reviews on tiktok and even on people s websites open forums to badmouth this application the customer service doesn t solve the problem to the point that the deposit isn t returned to the point of being cheated the damage is done so it has to be borne by the person staying i m really sorry that i wanted to go viral so that the management would be completely improved so that other people wouldn t be fooled poor thing what kind of rich people think they order from travelio tsk. the air conditioner is not cold repairs are waiting for the next day after that the air conditioner leaked had to wait another day customer service is very long unresponsive and difficult to contact. the application the service the apartment units everything is disappointing if it could be negative 5 negative 5 would be the rating really a super bad experience traumatizing experience event. very unpleasant experience with travelio every time the check in process is always painful staff helping to check in most of the time coming late the last time i waited hours. data breach includes password email username and phone number. the deposit is more expensive than a month s rent the deposit refund is long winded and the process is not clear the cleanliness of the apartment is a bit pathetic the dead shower was not checked before check in time the application concept is good but the service quality is not professional. since the application update it s been crazy my booking was lost the customer service response took a long time. am very annoyed with the customer service i m in a very important meeting but the customer service insists on calling during work hours continuously even though i ve rejected it more than 10 times finally i picked it up and it turned out he only wanted permission to do maintenance on my rental unit and when i said i was bothered by the phone he was the one who insisted on picking it up all he cared about was the important thing that his work was finished quickly didn t care that he had disturbed other people s work time other very unethical. apartment rental service company with the worst service i have ever experienced key information is not provided properly the refund process takes too long customer service response is not a solution field workers are not cooperative. some features are useless all are directed to chat after being chatted you have to order via the application playing around is not clear. everything went smoothly before seeing the room being rented ok application called the day before everything was reconfirmed at that time i thought that the travelio application service was the best on the d day as soon as you enter the room you immediately stroke your chest all the rooms are very dirty dusty lots of cobwebs sofas tables curtains etc are also very dirty the stove won t turn on smelly bathroom uploading photos of key placement according to instructions in live chat is also very difficult that s enough. fraud don t book here it s better to book a safe comfortable hotel. how to meet and give the key is not clear disrupt the schedule of the person who wants to build the unit girl give me the unit key holder number waited for 1 hour i had to finish the meeting early because travelio called me and it turned out there was no one at the meeting point it s awesome. that s enough that s because it s urgent long winded bad service it s been a month since i bought the deposit without any problems obscure application. do not install the application terrible experience with travelio we just checked in during the afternoon and had a blackout during the evening it turned out that the room ran out of electricity and they didn t prepare it well for the guess uninstalling this application right after the stay and will never use this again even 1 star rate is too good for them i should ve given them 0 star. the application often hangs it s hard to contact the customer service. the service is very problematic it is very difficult to demand repairs even though the installation was not correct why do you have to keep using veins every time there is a problem. the application is unstable slow response from them when you have a problem. very bad experience customer service was very slow and could not resolve complaints. very very bad complaint response and service. the chat application takes a long time to load the deposit has been more than 14 days without a refund it s annoying. not professional none of the information provided matches what happened from check in problems to deposits everything is inconsequential communication is very bad really i m tired of dealing with travelio. the management staff promised to give me an additional access card and key because normally there are 2 but now they haven t been given one huh it s been 3 months. this is important 2 make an honest review the service is horrible 1 the unit is still dirty while we have to pay for recleaning the room after checking out they didn t clean the room i have the picture 2 they did not install the curtain for lile almost a month 3 they reduced the cleaning point while they did not even clean the room yet at that time 4 they gave me an almost not working air conditioner 5 the water pipe leaked and almost billed on me the water pipe is inside the wall by the way happy uninstall. this application is quite bizzare i have just installed the newest version 3 40 but it keeps updating what s going wrong. a very very bad service customer service is not usefull and kept on repeating questions and template answers like a bot. the service is very very very bad critical give 1 star because its the lowest here i wish i could give minus star customer service is the worst of any customer service that has ever existed customer service will give you many new problems instead of solving your problem one more booking and payment not necessarily a confirmed reservation and even if you get a refund it will definitely be difficult and take a long time avoid using travelio at all costs don t install. basically you can only book the stay for yourself and when you made payment by transfer you need to submit your bank account number and also name of account holder name of the account holder must be the same as the person you booked the stay for otherwise the process will be very difficult and then it comes to checking in the worst check in ever already inform the customer service to contact the person regarding the check in and yet they still chat with you from the application. the complaint service takes a long time to respond and resolve the water in the unit is off the shower jet is leaking renting in the previous unit the drain was blocked there was no response to complaints super bad. can t verify phone number via wa the integration is not perfect must via sms to verify telephone number. my deposit was not returned from last august rented 2 rooms bad service from the customer service will not use this application again. have never seen so bad service from any company in the world permanent delays apartments are always dirty in my apartment shower was broken tv was broken fridge was broken drainer was blocked and had a bad smell after 10 requests service did nothing. every single time i use their service the room is mostly not really clean not to mention the application itself is so buggy and sometimes force closed customer service often has a low level of service taking so long for them to respond to our chats and i was once experienced when the previous customer forgot to leave the keys of the unit that i was going to use i asked for relocation but it took them like 3 hours to get my new unit ready not to mention it also takes a lot of effort for me to do that sucks. this application is slow the customer service is even slower especially when i try to deal with the cleaning service the cleaning is fine but the punctuality is terrible when the cleaner doesn t show up we couldn t call the cleaner no confirmation whatsoever when i filed a complaint the customer service was said to reschedule and when i asked to reschedule according to my schedule they said i have to follow their schedule and after i followed their schedule they said it was impossible to do it. bad experience wow it still needs a lot of improvement. the customer service is a bit backward the reply took a long time wasn t clear i was left stranded in the lobby. monthly stay 2 units refund takes forever even if you ask to return the deposit you have to withdraw money the toilet smells like a septic tank the refrigerator isn t cold there s no response give up on using travelio. it says you can see the unit but making an appointment to see the unit is difficult sorry finally made a deal without seeing the unit rent for 1 year after paying it turns out there is something urgent so you have to go in early but it s really hard there s always an excuse that i can t even though i didn t ask for a refund it didn t shorten the rental period either it was still 1 year only advanced 3 days and i have checked that on that date the unit is empty which means it can be advanced but it still doesn t work the admin is lazy or very rigid even in other application tickets htl are still possible to reschedule. the worst customer service i have ever experienced rent an apartment that is dirty when you check in there is no responsibility from travelio i bought an internet package i wasn t given a modem after waiting 9 days i was given a modem with an empty quota complaints via wa are answered by different people every day have to explain the problem from the start the second modem was also delivered with an empty quota too finally until i checked out the internet was still not accepted and there was no refund don t be fooled. very disappointing. if you want to buy an apartment or house it s better to go directly to the owner don t use application like this the application is not stable slow the owner is not responsible if you want just go straight to the owner. this customer service is so stupid to repair a broken air conditioner not because we are the customers who are being billed to pay now that the air conditioner has been repaired it s still broken what s the problem with your new customer you re acting clever in chat customer service the second air conditioner is leaking is still talking it s already been paid in full at the beginning and initial deposit couldn t check in yet told to wait from 3pm to 9pm because they had business customer service you have a retarded brain. slow service the response is unpleasant and takes a long time called the call center while laughing bad. booking requires a deposit but return the old deposit waiting to check out friday we haven t received the deposit refund bank data is requested repeatedly even though it is already in the application chat is also long winded plus responses take a long time repeatedly went back to the menu and closed even though the case is not finished yet this is the best rental application i have ever used. ux is not friendly it takes a long time to open the application. it s been the 3rd day the internet service facility modem that has been paid for is not provided at all the promise is always to be delivered at 19 00 as soon as it s past the next day it will be delivered again at 19 00 and so on until you re done staying the room is full of tomcats poor cleanliness slow service too many promises. very bad service slow response i have been waiting since yesterday i already paid and i received a defective unit and until now i have not received any solution if it is possible to give zero stars i will. am very very very disappointed with travelio service it s not about the application overall very bad service customer service not responsive unit also not worth living in musty smell do not recommend to book from travelio i want to cancel and refund my book but no one from travelio responded and now they say that my booking is considered checked in because i m not returning the key it s already almost 24 hours and no one response how can i return the key. bad ui bad service horrible check in experience. travelio is not responsible. just trying to use travelio i m already tired the team didn t help and didn t know what else to say i ve only tried it once then just look for another correct application. very very bad experience. bad experience. very firm and aggressive in asking for payment booking check in deposit etc but in serving very sluggish and slow there was a case of asking for a 5 star review before the room boy arrived the customer service was really brave for those who are 1 hour late the compensation is worth idr 100k which cannot be taken in cash but instead told to have a snack at a sweet relaxing cafe haha digilization gone wrong it is recommended to choose another agency that can be contacted more personally and still remain professional. i have used travelio several times but the biggest obstacle is coordination between the check in team and the admin team guests are charged for things that were never given or taken at check in if you carefully examine the communication it will definitely meet the standards. worst platform ever. customer service service is bad no solution. the chat and report issue features are useless slow response from the travelio team i have problems with broken facilities which have not been repaired for weeks. at least update your faq on the application. execution time most told me to wait. several reasons for this bad review 1 the ux of the application is so bad the chat feature is confusing and i cannot open the application via chat notification 2 slow response loading time of the application 3 i got charged for a toilet cover that already had its screw loose from the start and it became my fault because i did not report it for both travelio operational team and customers please do thorough checking even for those small things. the service is very bad the customer service is not very good the management is also bad will no longer use travelio s services check in said it was 2 o clock suddenly it changed to set time 3 no apologies at all the chat feature in the application also doesn t make things easier every hour the admin changes and the chat history is lost. disappointed with travelio s first experience from incompetent staff to deposit treatment which makes people reluctant to rent again through travelio because the process takes so long. compared with the other application this might be the worse they took my stuff out with no confirmation even though i ve extended my room and they said there s another person who rented the unit lol i can show the proof in my phone that i ve extended the same unit don t use this service you ll regret it. this application makes it very difficult for users to communicate directly with the room boy there s no direct contact with the room boy so if you order a guest for a long time to meet you you just have to wait for the room boy because of this the chat takes a long time to reply in 1 chat box for all orders wkwkwkwk where the chat has no notifications and slow response again then insists on asking the roomboy for 5 stars. booking is very uncomfortable the room doesn t match the description the air conditioner isn t cold the water heater doesn t work the toilet stinks a lot the soap smells of chemicals the sheets are dirty cmon we pay with money not leaves also the worst thing is there is no parking accommodation when you have to park 100kandand until you have to park outside the most complicating issue is the problem of refunds or hald hold when asked for a receipt he even barked and told us to call the bank you re the one who holds it the responsibility is at lo travelio why should i be the one to worry about it correct your customer service attitude when you call. customer service slow booked for 1 month at green pramuka square when i arrived at the location when i checked in i was suddenly told that there was no unit after that customer service disappeared without any news contacted via the application pretending to be stupid no response after waiting 1 5 hours he was finally relocated to a unit which turned out to have a broken air conditioner there is no accountability at all. called the pea call center and said there was no response until 2 minutes my credit ran out. the response took a long time i wanted to ask and offer an annual rental unit the reply could be within the next 24 hours tsk. super annoying application application caused double book on a same room yet we r forced to move en choose others room tat not as the same level en same room requirement not only that the wifi sucks en the customer service is super slow to handle all the problems overall shame. if i could give zero stars i would give it zero imagine a check in appointment at 3 pm waited until 5 pm and the people didn t come the reason high season lots of people want to check in yes during high season please add staff service level like kindergarten children imagine if we were late for the promised check in time of 30 minutes the fine would be hundreds of thousands this is the turn reversed there are only words i m sorry sis high season. very bad experience check in appointment waiting for hours for the key unclear information very bad service please do not use this application. photo and in application review can t be trusted the place is definitely different than the photo they showed me a different unit than the one i requested and it s so dirty and everything is broken customer service is so horrible slow response i feel like i m talking to someone who has brain damage or someone who has alzheimer s i ve talked with them about the same thing several times they come and ask again and it s different than what we agreed first time i m so annoyed i wrote my first review. the most unprofessional application there is no customer service by telephone it is difficult to contact me i have transferred funds for a boarding house in ungasan there is no news my money has been deducted from the virtual account but the service provided is not there now i have to wait who knows when i got my money back no responsibility at all low response it s hard to call the office number and everyone is directed to the chat application whatsapp which can t provide a quick solution this application is really not recommended. very disappointed and will never use this application again this is the second time i have used this application so i know the procedure quite well in essence those who are at fault cannot find the key but instead charge the customer for it cut here and there deposits up to almost 2 million it s all the customer s fault they don t feel alone the control is also really bad the co put the key in his own locker the customer s turn to lose was charged even though there was video evidence that he had put the key in the reasons are many basically it s the customer s fault. chat was not answered customer service call was not picked up loss of 15 million. service is very bad i rented a unit that was not worth renting out very dirty and lots of cockroaches towels were incomplete only 1 bolster pillow had a cover on it bad service not recommended. severe service now. heavy application live chat service takes a long time to respond bad management there is a unit problem with travelio i don t know at all because the unit owner had problems with building management the electricity and water were cut off without the knowledge of the occupants so i was forced to leave in the middle of the night after waiting from 19 00 24 00 without any clarity regarding my fate from travelio bad experience. have rented apartment units through travelio several times but this last time was a really bad experience 1 requests to repair toilet seals were not served so the unit was filled with insects 2 when checking out they were accused of taking glasses from the unit 3 they were promised free ipl because of the 3 month rental but the cost of corridor lights was billed under the cover of utility costs thank you for all your shared experiences but i will uninstall. very bad experience hope this application will close very soon. bad experience told you can t extend after 5 days told to pay 1 million apart from room price if you want to extend even though the same type is still available on travelio only if you take a new room you have to deposit another 3 million wow big applause make a bizpro be healthy you guys. the chat with us feature often doesn t work and customer service is difficult to contact via the call center. the service is very bad be careful when making transactions at travelio the quality of human resources is very low. the processing of complaints took a very long time because the unit had not been paid for ipl and electricity so it could not be used. inconsistency of refund procedure the refund process is declared hand1 from checkout meanwhile i have already passed hand1 from checkout on whatsapp travellio the statement is different 1 5 working days when i checked out the statement was only hand1 after checkout travellio s inconsistency is very disappointing very inconsistent application so far i have used traveloka to consistently provide good statements and service travellio does not recommend. the application is always updated customer service is not very helpful on live chat or telephone. cannot update this application on my first install useless application. remember for everyone using travelio is very complicated and more expensive than the hotel price. travelio is getting worse here the promised deposit will be returned within 1 5 days sampe now 11 days without returning it ancur i ve given up and won t book again via this application it s unclean. very bad experience 1 month rental apartment parking members require a power of attorney be informed at check in that the sla for processing a power of attorney is 1 3 days often follow up with customer service but always answer with the same words the power of attorney was sent on the 3rd day of checkout around 25 days after submitting the power of attorney so it was no longer of any use i was disadvantaged by paying for parking every hour in total for 1 month i paid more than idr 1 million reviewing it it even says there is no booking number. will never book via this application again i had paid the rent for the unit in advance i had also paid the deposit suddenly i was told at 1 1 afternoon that the unit was not available and i was given a replacement unit which was located very far from the previous unit customer service is not communicative telephone is difficult to contact answers are always templates the refund of the deposit also had to be asked back and forth even though in the end it was still returned think again for those who want to book via this application mess up your plans. the invoice took a long time to come out the date was ambiguous so the deposit money took a long time to come down the handling took a long time. the worst ota i have ever known i ve used all kinds of otas and this is the worst very slow response irresponsible towards customers no direct contact makes you despair. it s really ugly i swear the apartment that was given for 7 million was almost 8 million it was dark everything was really really ugly it s better to go and see the boarding house yourself from the beginning when we were given the option to relocate the unit we waited from afternoon until almost midnight not given it looking for a place to live is like buying a cat in a sack the funds couldn t be returned even though i never checked in ask for the deposit to be returned it s difficult don t rent here. very bad service i paid money for wifi availability for 2 days but the device wasn t there at all in the unit complaining to customer service they said they would convey it to the operational team for delivery of the modem but until we checked out no one came there is no compensation at all from travelio really tired of using this application. not great service the admin is stupid just asking about wifi problems doesn t stop blocking. there was no response from customer service regarding check in made waiting more than 2 hours the answer is all just waiting for confirmation from the operational team. please never use travelio service the customer care is useless the response is slow and the answers are templates the internet went down but for up to 2 weeks there was no follow up every day we will make a ticket for the answer but there is no follow up at all worst customer experience. as much as possible avoid ordering via this i stayed for july 22 23 the new deposit came back on august 4 even then i had to chat repeatedly and i called the customer service he said there would be an acceleration even though he said the sla was 5 working days it took 10 working days before he returned noting that he had protested several times via chat and telephone not recommended it takes so long to get your deposit back. it s better to look for a direct owner or broker prices tend to be expensive that s it the deposit is 2x the room price the explanation for the costs is also not clear. horrible experience using the application the customer service is just as horrible as the application i can t change my name in the application and it affected my deposit refund being overdue for over their contract time limit why should i suffer the consequences for the stupidity of the application and no sign of apologies from them. very unhelpful really slow when asked when and answer when. very very bad experience from check in process to experience while staying in the accommodation imagine having to wait for person in charge to contact guest to check in no information on how to check in on the web all chat buttons are malfunctioning electricity cut off at 7am in the morning and a very complicated refund of only 200k idr this will be my first last booking with travelio i m deleting this application bye. most people get scammed the information about the apartments they rent is not clear rented an apartment in tokyo tower pik 2 for 1 month apparently i couldn t park so you have to pay for parking hourly and without limits imagine every day having to think about parking fees that keep rolling in. the application is really bad. notified the travelio for check in hours earlier that i want to check in at 2pm was told to deposit and waited for more than 3 hours and nobody knows the eta of the agent whatsapp chat function customer service all not answering this is ridiculous. very complicated. travelio is simply accusing and charging for lost access cards even though when i checked out i took photos of the condition of the unit and followed the agent s instructions telling me to put the card in the apartment mailbox this is the worst experience and i will never stay or book again from this application it would be nice if you trusted the field staff directly even though in the email there was no photographic evidence of the loss of the access card in the mailbox in the end i was charged 500 asking to replace the lost access card it s really ruined travelio. very bad service slow response not on time. if you are from overseas do not use this application for booking an apartment the apartment they rented us was terrible no hot water not clean unit broken television disgusting smell in bathroom unusable kitchen utensils bathroom wall collapsing and no resolution to our complaints wowful customer service beware. i thought i would be served by professional staff but it turned out not to be what i imagined this is my first time using travelio s services and i feel disappointed and disadvantaged because of their slow response the customer service did not respond to my complaint coordination with the field department was very poor i really do not recommend using travelio services. the worst customer service i ve ever encountered talking like a robot ending the chat after one reply and no clear regulations regarding the refund process we can t argue using their own tnc because it s prohibited to take a screenshot for legal reasons takes them over 2 working days to reach out their own team yet i haven t got my refund after 2 weeks not planning to recommend this application to anyone ever. the customer service is very bad the customer service contact responded slowly and didn t provide a solution the officer who helped check in was also in a hurry and irresponsible it s confusing to order here. i have some trouble using this application the application is slow and not that usefull because all important info must be seen through email for ex unit number and bank transfer info why bother to install the application. the customer care center just left me on the phone without any information that i needed i wait about 10 mins on the phone and she he is gone there is no good attitude it s very hard to coordinate with travelio if you are just trying to find a new apartment please think twice even hundreds of times to use this application. garbage application difficult to verify the number from the start otp was never sent it s difficult to check in once and last use this application. at first i thought travelio could be an alternative for me and my family when ordering a place to stay outside the city but after 1 year i regretted being a partner and didn t want to book a unit at travelio the organizations are very far from professional and end up being detrimental to the owner because it s still the same application even if i were a renter of another unit in another city i m afraid i will suffer losses which is definitely uncomfortable in the end i always book using other application and just booking a hotel is much more convenient hopefully that can be a consideration. bad service all deposit money is withheld. very bad check in experience useless application very bad room service. very bad customer service not recommended to book your temporary stays better find a traditional agent more helpful and responsive. i made a mistake on my booking and this company very unprofessionally handles this thing this is the last time for me to use this application 1 star is too good enough for them. the price changes every time i search for an apartment on the results page the price is cheap then when i click on the property profile the price goes up again when i check out it also goes up again be careful when looking for property don t be fooled by cheap prices on the results page. i rented an apartment for a month for my parents because i didn t want to use used pillows so we brought our own pillows the pillows from the apartment we kept in the cupboard in the apartment when we checked out we were charged because the pillows weren t there even though it was clearly in the cupboard so our deposit was charged we confirmed it with travelio but it was still charged. very bad experience the applicator and room boy were the same not very user friendly kept waiting from the appointment time when asked by all parties no one responded at all very bad experience and the applicator is still premature. bad application bad customer service bad service super tired of using this application even though it s the first time if i want to complain i can write a paragraph basically not professional kya s work is a scam. it s complicated to book and the customer service is inconsistent. rent at apart cervino tebet 1 month with 3 bedrooms for the period june july 2023 and very poor in service tv and wifi have been reported from the start but are long winded in response and finally not replaced the dirty unit has lots of tomcats doesn t match the advertisement travellio doesn t do checks very sorry. bad experience with the application the extend button on the booking is active in the mind of extending one day after checking out without warning the unit used cannot be extended you ve already paid and what s worse is that if an error occurs you can t refund the 100 one day payment forfeited. the chat application is slow and keeps crashing and the customer service doesn t seem to get the question and repeats the same thing again and again which did not even answer my question how hard is it to answer when i ask for a recommendation for a pet friendly unit they just keep telling me this unit is not pet friendly well then recommend me one that is then instead of repeating the same thing used to use the application to be honest but might be time to look for alternatives. horrible customer service didn t respond even after messaging many times the usual reply is we will forward this request to the operational team the booking process is too troublesome charging for small things like towels the price comes back up to the same as other platforms never use travelio service again. customer service admin response is very slow seems to be avoiding and there is no solution when there is a problem in the unit very dissapointed. today i m very disappointed for your terrible service the room is full of mosquitoes and bugs the situation was getting worse after the pest control guy did his job i don t blame him the smell of the disinfectant is painful travelio should have checked the room after i booked it on july 6th 2023 for date of check in on july 18th 2023 there were more than 10 days to prepare the room but you didn t do it i m right now haven t slept yet tonight i was forced to sleep at the hotel. 1 the booking system is not good the promotional price from the platform is not even accepted who gives it and who refuses it themselves 2 customer service is not good questions are not flexible fast responses but lip service only delays answers 3 the application lags badly and is unstable heavy frequently updated 4 be careful for those who rent monthly there will be price games and no warning about extending reservations it s better to determine the annual rental at the beginning if you want monthly it s not recommended 5 lots of additional charges. actually a very useful application both for rent owners and users because it connects them what makes em bad is all the manual bureaucracy you have to deal with overall got no issues with the facility. totally garbage. the application is ok but the staff are wild they gave me one apartment access and promised the other one in a day but it never came now we have difficulty accessing our room because one of us doesn t have access. don t install booking was chaotic took a long time to process once it was processed the price was asked to increase the customer service takes a long time like talking to a robot repeating the answer over and over again doesn t solve the problem edit the rental contract that was issued does not have this information. ci on july 4 co on july 5 my deposit until today july 16 was not returned for the reason that the key and access were lost even though i had put it in the mailbox according to the room number according to the initial instructions and i used 2 units they said they didn t have two and asked for photo evidence at the beginning it was not explained that it had to be a photo they themselves could not prove that there was no key in the box what is this. after making payment i had difficulty checking in almost waited more than 1 hour in front of the apartment tower whose room we were going to rent when contacted via whatsapp the response was very slow called customer service he said he was busy hadah. an application that doesn t really provide comfort the officers were very unhelpful and unfriendly the room did not match the picture and expectations some lights are broken etc overall a very disappointing application. very disappointing the service is bad travelio rents out apartment units without ever checking whether the units have electricity or water bill problems with building management today my electricity and water were cut off because the previous tenant had a bill from april 2023 now i am the one affected by the consequences of their unprofessionalism long response i experienced this problem twice when renting at the sentul tower apartment please take care of my unit problem today i m waiting for today too. don t use this application just use something else that s clearer if you want to book an apartment just look for a shophouse nearby they didn t respond to complaints from the customer service for more than a month. bad service dirty apartment unit got the unit key a long time ago not recommended. for apartment owners who want to rent an apartment via travelio think twice i have finished my 1 year contract when handed over my unit s balcony door couldn t be opened my dining table was damaged my mattress protector was dirty i asked for a refund of the laundry money to clean my mattress protector but travelio didn t accept it was given a solution the mattress protector will be washed by travelio will be sent to my house and but until now there has been no news my email chat were not answered. canceled directly on the h day. complicated administration order from traveloka check in at 2 o clock at travelio 3 o clock and too much access to the user s cellphone. travelio was slow to deal with electricity problems when i rented an apartment no deposit refund until today even though it s been almost a year i d rather rent a boarding house or hotel at the same time travelio s service is broken. very disappointing using travelio customer service admin responds slowly and can t work not recommended. once tried using the application and staying in one of the apartments listed on travelio i rented 2 units for my company in the surabaya area in the photo it s good when it arrived it was just normal when the team from our company stayed overnight my friend complained that there were cockroaches and the lights were off we asked for the lights to be repaired but they could only do it the next day what a terrible service. can t use it crashes. customer service is not helpful at all on the phone on wa in chat via the application the answers were only perfunctory waited too long at check in. poor application slow respondents from anyone. the application itself is convenient helping you to find short term stays easily but the service is terrible they have an elementary school level of professionalism they can t coordinate things they offer me a time slot for fixing stuff but the technician never comes then tries to guilt trip me that i might be mistaken with the schedule that they were setup. the agent is really disturbing i can t show up at showing unit time because i have a schedule already contact the agent and after that they contact everyday even after i already said i will contact back when i have the time they still contact everyday like a scammer usually does. it s not clear the property owner is not very responsive the virtual number given is wrong waiting from 6 to 10 before checking in it turned out the apartment had not been prepared. sorry but i m quite disappointed. bad experience and disappointment while using this application one owner apartment s given bad services check in gate access no accessible television late response. if you can get 0 i ll give you 0 to make you wait from 8 30 until 11 30 at night after that just ask for a deposit when i deposited at 12 30 i didn t give them the keys then at 1 00 the customer service had no longer responded even though i processed the deposit payment straight away before 1 00 i was made to wait for the staff not to go to class for more than 3 hours even though i had paid in full this is an online fraud application be careful because he is only good at making applications but cannot run a real business the application is also trash. it s really bad i booked from yesterday when i wanted to check in there was no one there i couldn t be contacted so i had to wait for hours live chat was not answered the person s phone call was unclear it s really serious and this isn t the first time. 1 advice for those who want to rent if you want to add wifi make sure first i paid 500k and only got 25 gb the information is not clear 2 the customer service response is very slow host contact is not provided makes it difficult to check in and ask about problems with the unit unlike the application next door 3 the original unit is different from the one in the picture try to understand maybe the photo is old 4 the filter is bad the saturation is increased in all photos so that the unit doesn t look dirty 5 the unit is not well maintained at least if you want to rent it check it first bro 6 give up. this is my first time giving a bad star buggy application upload photos without confirmation unit is dirty air conditioner is broken internet doesn t work air conditioner service appointment with travelio at 10 o clock customer service didn t convey it to the technician so he arrived at 11 o clock the power of attorney for parking and taking care of the unit cannot be used because it is only printed and doesn t use original stamps and the year is still 2021 the signature on the rental letter is also different from the rental letter to apartment doesn t work either so i should be able to park monthly so i have to pay daily. not recommended the unit does not match the photo complaint service is poor the deposit for security is almost the same as rent deposit returns are long winded and take a long time. overall bad experience the application is not user friendly i had some difficulties using it there were some errors in the application so i wasn t able to check in i tried to contact the customer service but i only received slow to no response room rented is very different from the photos travelio offers internet package but it s a scam the modem was not even provided and to resolve this issue they only want to give vouchers for you to use their service again not actual money refunds. slow loading. broken facilities reports are limited to only 2x24 hours handling takes 2 weeks fees are charged to the renter very disappointing. the service is not clear i really don t recommend it to get the key the room keeper s cellphone number doesn t work no one calls customer care just close this service altogether. don t use this application fraud i was scheduled to check in at 14 00 at that time it was a hassle to be asked to create a new account from scratch change the checkin time to 17 30 when that time arrived the room boy admin were very slow to respond uncooperative didn t come even until they were at least 7 hours late until 21 00 until finally i was forced to go home cancel my holiday plans even though i had already arrived at the destination city paid the accommodation fee and deposit ridiculous world class service. customer service doesn t respond when there s a problem. my transfer was successful and the balance was deducted but the booking failed the reason is because the name on the va is mine isn t that from the application the customer service doesn t even understand so i had to transfer again a second time and my balance hasn t returned after that they asked for a deposit but until now it still hasn t been confirmed even though they wanted to check in this afternoon every time i m asked i always ask for proof of payment and the questions are irrelevant why make an application if the system is like this. the service is very bad and very detrimental lying and betraying promises that have been made. bad in presenting the unit rental not appropriate and resolving problems i don t want to use travelio bad experience while using travel services strongly not recommended. extremely disappointed i couldn t enter the unit for hours because the key was not there appointment 8 pm until half 11 pm waiting on the street without clearance complaints to customer service also cannot be canceled startup yesterday afternoon. i ve been a travelio customer for more than a year i arrived today at 10 pm on chat just to tell me to pay the electricity bill the billing just was up this night are you crazy i don t know manners the 3 air conditioner in the brand new unit were not cleaned up by the worst customer service in industry the directors are also very stupid you have no shame don t pura pura know what s important to make profit. staff customer service admin are all incompetent waiting slow waiting for a long time for an appointment and not showing up really bad very unprofessional very confused why is this pt still around repent. bad service very bad the first time you want to check in you have to wait a long time it s been 1 hour and there s no clarity from travelio when you can check in instead you re told to wait at the coffee shop in the lure of 150k in cash give up on using travelio services. the service is super chaotic. horrible lol unresponsive 3 days i ve been contacting it s the one who buys who has to look for it the one who sells can just relax finally the cp told me that the unit i wanted to take had broken contact with travelio but the application was still available what if someone directly paid to book the unit. keep updating the application every time you open the application it can take half an hour before you open the application it s not clear. unprofessional no learning ability or care only received money everything was abandoned description does not match advertisement incomplete furniture facilities are damaged it is not guaranteed that they are correct before check in cannot support time for residents who live alone and work 8 5 pm communication is like talking to a wall cheap and unprofessional technician service making tenants wait 5 hours without any news the reason for not going to the location is because you don t want to get rain. otp always fails and this application is being used by the public very disappointed. download takes forever. disappointed with the management i had already made a booking for june 24 when i checked in the apartment unit was not habitable dirty some of the facilities i was asked to repair were still damaged the electricity was also about to go out i checked in at the weekend and it turned out that the apartment manager couldn t excellent up the electricity token at the weekend and this was not informed by travelio customer service chat is not answered now i want to lose 2 saturdays and sundays without being able to use apart there is no responsibility from travelio no need to use it it s too much trouble. very bad experience checking in at tokyo riverside nobody answered travelio number almost no response from wa travelio business acct and live chat on travelio chat keeps closing not working have been waiting 1 hour not sure who to contact definitely not recommend amd will never use this service. admin customer service is slow to respond. if you cheat on deposit money that s a bit of a scam may you be safe in the afterlife i don t know if the boss all of his employees who have done their job are cheating customers money like this. return my deposit the application is very complicated all processes must go through travelio we are not allowed to contact the unit owner at all starting from deposit paymemt check in out complain about the unit etc the result during our 3 day stay the living room air conditioner and hot water in the bathroom weren t repaired and the worst thing was that my deposit had not been returned i have complained twice through the application and until now my deposit has not been returned 7ee48809c. the service was very bad the management was messy we waited a long time to get a room even though we had checked in from the previous application but after arriving and being contacted for a long time we finally got a reply and said that the mcb was damaged and had to be relocated the service was very slow we had been waiting for hours there is no room decision highly not recommend using the travelio application. i will not use this application or even book any places that are related to travelio i stayed one night and the gas was empty i told the staff that i was out so please text if you re about to change but then he said it was done meaning he went to the unit while i left my bags inside no big no it s not safe. first when i was doing an inventory check the room boy was rushing me he said that s it later sir if there are any problems just report it second there are no pillowcases the reason is they are not in stock third it turned out that towels weren t provided when i wanted to take a shower i realized and called customer service they kept waiting for a response until 1 30 in the morning they weren t delivered fourth i took the wifi package too but it s not ready yet said the room boy so what am i paying for the cleaning package and wifi. not recommended blackmail application the zippered sofa cushion cover was ordered to cost 450 thousand electricity does not match the original bill really blackmail never use. customer service is terrible the walls of the apartment unit i live in are leaking to the point of damaging my cupboard my complaints were ignored the technician promised to come but he didn t come it hasn t been fixed for days only answered follow up confirmation that s the customer service answer serious travelio very disappointed. worse used it twice with a friend the units were all dirty i thought the first time was just a coincidence dirty lots of rubbish the air conditioner was all broken we rented this not borrowed an apartment unit the second time the rental was worse until the electricity dropped garbage in the unit until there was some plastic if you want proof i have photos and videos unprofessional operations people complain day and night and then reply with the excuse of oversleeping asking to move units is difficult for various reasons this is fraud be careful. this company holds people s deposits for up to 2 months at most he said if you ask me why haven t you come back the answer is that after the water electricity bill comes out it will be processed it came out last month the dp asked from chat was not answered. heavy application not user friendly potential scam for contracts chat to us response feature is not a solution ineffective inefficient. very bad service even on the first day air con not working well and customer service not responding also very slow wifi not working and they are even very hard to contact. what s bad and complicated to check out the deposit expensive when you enter there s nothing you have to add this and that. bad the key handover process from check in took a long time the customer is already in the lobby the new staff sends the key via online motorcycle taxi. worst experience hotel booking ever i have already booked from traveloka but i still need to install this application the cust service spam my mail phone wa they told me to do pre check in with this application but failed after paying deposit and submitting my id so i still need to confirm manually via wa and then the one checked me in bayu dm me via wa ask my id photos so i can do myself check in of course i refused he was late 30 minutes from the check in time we agreed room is unhygienic and full of cockroaches. forced updates. bad application so laggy very bad service the pict and condition are different very dirty bad customer service bad agent from time to time check reviews always improve and there are always lots of complaints how long will the default answer always be the apartment offered is not maintained even if you want to contact the service center it takes a long time and there is no fast and good response do not book on travelio. the update took a really long time after the update in the play store had to be updated in the application too. very bad services they charged me internet 3 months and never worked from 1st day of my stay then took the modem back until now after more than 6 months the refund never clear customer service always closes the chat every time i asked already sent the screenshots in chat but the customer service always ask from the beginning very unhelpful and not cooperate be careful if you want to use this company services. checking in is complicated late and wishy washy not recommended to rent from here the quality has dropped a lot compared to last year. very bad service i regret ever using travelio services my deposit was once cut without clear details after i was angry every day they apologized and refunded it in full wifi was dead for almost a year but i had to pay i once received a unit with an unfit and dirty sofa the replacement takes more than a month and i have to follow up every day electricity and water bills are also different from building party bills please be smart guys sblm download don t let consumers loss. bad service travelio agents are not fast checking in is difficult the room and the air conditioner don t work it s so hot that it s all covered in dirt the bed sheets are dirty red you re told to change and it s a fee it s better if you want to book apart just go straight to the apartment if you go via travelio the apartment didn t want to know told them to go directly to travelio while communication was also difficult bad experience big no. first time booking at travelio zonk checking in was slow the room boy didn t follow my order request carefully couldn t turn on the tv couldn t get a wifi package even though there was an additional charge eh asking for a refund for the package is really complicated i don t want to give a refund even though i promised it would be returned looks like it s not ready to be booked during high season such as concert events etc. customer service service is incompetent and takes a long time and doesn t solve problems tends to give quick answers or just reply carelessly then other services such as air conditioner cleaning were booked until the day before and the appointed time never arrived and there was no clarity at all then the customer service answer was just that we will coordinate ps until it was repeated 8 times same for complaints and difficult communication and finally the application is slow. bad quality slow response and low quality customer service find other application if possible. very satisfying service many choices of facilities according to needs friendly prices thank you travelio very satisfied. the unit is not as good as pictured the service is bad you pay for wifi using a quota system and it runs out quickly the unit is dirty and many other bad things plus the customer service is not clear disappointed. i m editing the review again because it s been more than a month since my deposit hasn t been returned even though the rules are only 5 working days and the deposit will be returned. the loading application can t be opened even though the network is good. very bad application and service not recommended at all rented a room for a month but the air conditioner unit was broken within two weeks technicians came twice to fix it but the air conditioner was still not working i had to wait for days for the complaint to be processed customer service was always sorry but it took too long to come back with updates from their engineering team i am uninstalling the application bye. customer service is very slow the internet in the unit has been down for 2 days the travelio team only responded that they would contact the provider meanwhile we asked them to contact us themselves they were ignored the internet customer id belonging to the unit owner was not provided. the application is really buggy even though i wanted to book it was difficult to open the chat with customer service then when i wanted to go to payment it got an error. very bad contacts must come from the customer service application there is no agent number where s the old customer service replying again the agent is late appointed at 10 o clock after 11 o clock still had not arrived. the unit price when clicked becomes more expensive. bad customer service complicated system for check in and deposit refund fake facilities wifi is not working swimming pool is not accessible poor cleanliness well highly not recommended application. travelio is horrible application bad customer service bad experience with travelio and my deposit was not returned and the process was complicated the investigation took up 1 5 months and the deposit was still not returned with the reason that the key was lost even though there was a proof a photo of the key being placed in the mailbox better not use this application many negative feedback in the social media such as twitter or consumer media about this application. it s really difficult to communicate via travelio useless application the agents are also very unresponsive. the service is terrible. rented the apartment for 1 year didn t check the condition of the apartment at all with travelio the lights were broken the ventilation was broken the sink was stuck the walls were broken termites were everywhere spider webs were everywhere i didn t request a replacement they said repair it i waited for days i called back said it had been more than 2 days the report was only due on the 15th even though i had reported it since the 2nd the system never updated about customer complaints said it was cheap and not really cheap it s okay to rent here get ready for a heart attack. the first time i tried to use it because i saw good reviews the rooms are okay but the service is 0 i invite parents from abroad who are 90 years old they are tired and want to rest but i bought an internet modem it wasn t provided the admin chat was very slow the call service was also very unfriendly i checked in at 3 but could only enter at 9 pm. very bad service. true disappointed with the service and customer service which was very unhelpful first i booked a room for 1 month checked in at 3pm only to enter at 10pm and was stopped and customer service was really not helpful at all second i ordered on the internet the internet was very bad i made an exchange with no results asked for a refund they didn t want it but the solution given is correct doesn t help and it s up to you to make an appointment at what time to arrive not recommended. very bad service difficult to communicate with customer service there is no wa number that can definitely take care of renting we can only wait for travelio s call or you can just contact random customer service where we must always explain the problem from the start the impression is that travelio wants to make it difficult for us to complain about complaints about rental units. highly not recommended the apartment admitted that there was no cooperation with travelio so the check in process was complicated the air conditioner was broken and i was confused about who to complain to the response is very very slow it looks like this application is not ready yet. ordered on traveloka entered travelio without any notification paid and was forced to continue using this application for me the administration and mechanisms are not yet mature what about guests who want to come in quickly. up to 5 days deposit money is not returned the process is complicated cooking utensils are provided but they are dusty and rusty the stove doesn t turn on no gas there s no wifi there s no hot water either it s better to stay in a hotel that is more certain and has a hotel keeper not to mention the complicated administration irritating. wanting to check in is difficult customer service is difficult to contact if there is a problem in the apartment unit the response is luammaaaa and can t be fixed straight away just use this service once. so slow response for customer service features can t cancel the order not user friendly application to rent the unit please fix it. book an apartment from this application but the place doesn t exist they say not available proposes relocation in a really ugly and cheap apartment i refuse because it is not wanted i book and i ask for a refund in the end i don t get the apartment and no money back i lost 1500 usd the google application get pay lot to promote this kind of os scammer now i find myself in a very difficult situation thank you google application you start scamming people with travelio not recommend using these scammers. disappointed with the performance of the staff who made a claim for losing the access card which caused my deposit funds to be deducted obviously i have provided proof that the access card exists performance is very slow without any responsibility until now. please update your work first. the worst application ever imagine if you are at the urgent matters and even the customer service cannot help you i am being asked repeatedly for type the numbers and ask me what they can help but they cannot even answer me they just ask me fu you are not ready to develop this application dude i read the review and there s no progress since 2020 lol. application doesn t work well really bad quality. 1 refund of old deposit not paid immediately after checkout 2 booking history data does not appear. waiting more than an hour just for checkin very not professional for the hospitality industry how can you give so much high rate with this kind of attitude time is number 1 priority if you can respect time don t expect us to give you a good review. the service from the customer service was annoying the internet provided didn t work and even caused arguments and in the end i didn t enjoy the internet and travelio refused to refund the fees i had paid. communication is difficult not cleaned well. bad customer experience the chat with us feature is so laggy even on my phone. very bad experience using travelio i stayed three nights but the next two nights moved to a hotel because the floors were dirty and all the furniture was dusty room boy is also very difficult to contact. the service is really bad starting from handing over the keys late parking access was told to be taken care of yourself pillowcases weren t given the unit was dirty like it hadn t been swept mopped for weeks the internet was slow the cable tv had only been installed after a few days of our stay there was damage to the sink reservoir we are the ones who pay even though the rent hasn t been there for a week regret using this application it s already expensive there are lots of additional costs the customer service is super slow to respond it s really bad not professional at all. renting an apartment in kelapa gading got an uninhabitable unit dirty and dirty if you want to ask for a refund the customer service contact is difficult those who say bots are forced to listen to advertisements waste credit and time no owner s number provided for direct complaints. the application often bugs checking in is very difficult for hours the system and room boy do not have the same coordination for checking out. wouldn t use it again if i wasn t in a pinch the price in the search results and in the unit details are different that price doesn t include a cleaning fee either if you want to pay a deposit and upload an id card you can t do it directly customer service is told to check periodically then every time you get the info customer service repeats it again from the start and gets tired the check in process wasn t clear the officers weren t on standby according to the hours the wait was almost 30 minutes entering the unit the floor was dirty when it was swept it was really dirty even the bathroom floor was dirty. the customer service was terrible the staff checked in 1 hour late not according to their promise horrible experience. it s really bad that the staff is not at the location according to the check in appointment 1 hour late very bad experience next time i won t use travelio again. already booked couldn t check in on time no clear response. this application is funny travelio has a program where you can pay monthly or the regular payment is paid 12x but the owner of the unit does not necessarily agree to the program so why is the program offered in the application. bad customer experience lack of control to service standards properties that published do not reflect the actual even i found dissatisfaction no body would listen to my complaint either travelio admin or the property owner management especially in indonesia i would recommend to use other applications with better service quality. my wife ordered via travelio again for today during the day of d day the units were suddenly unavailable and until now there has been no clarity from the provider are there signs of going out of business ordered again for 1 month and 4 nights the intention was just to be practical hoping to get the daily facilities after completing 30 days eh apparently i didn t get it plus i still have to pay for electricity and water my advice for travelio users if you want to extend for a long time just make the rental just right then extend with a separate order so you don t lose. very slow response from customer service i waited for too long at the lobby. 10 not recommended can t check the apartment first it s true that it says it s not a serviced apartment but is it appropriate to sell an apartment with lots of cockroaches to consumers. beware the most scammy unreliable fake company that i have ever experienced reasons you should never ever use their service terrible unreliable and hard to get hold of customer service the staff that comes to unlock the property will arrive late not the individuals fault as they are going around unlocking and cleaning the properties this means that the cleaning is rushed and your check in will be late customer service called about my experience and they manually made it 5 stars on their application. lots of other costs. my apartment at travelio doesn t rent i regret leaving it here if you break the contract you have to pay too please help with marketing this is simply because they want to get registration money but the unit owner doesn t get any cash income. the communication throughout this application is completely horrible and frustrating the application keeps on closing freezing and exiting frequently i am using their service right now but i have no idea how to communicate with them after sales this is ridiculous. it s not clear that there are errors all the time and it s really lagging it s also difficult to contact customer service. prices change the advertisement is cheap when you check it and it s different when you click it. the room boy is always late even up to 1 hour the deposit disbursement process takes a very long time the application cannot send photos. as the owner i regret to cooperate with travelio repairs which are small in nature the costs are all borne by the owner and the owner must accept with grace the costs charged by travelio after the previous guest checked out i did not check what facilities in my unit was not functioning well once the guest enters pail for a day just complaint it s really great to be a travelist you can only eat commission fee. just wanted to register the property for 2 weeks no answer complicated slow and not recommended. no issue with room but my experience with customer service was so bad they cut my deposit unilaterally without my confirmation and the figures they deducted for the electricity water were baseless i checked with building management and the invoice amount the building provided was way lower than the figures cut by travelio i have raised this issue since 30 march and got no feedback until today 8 apr the answer is always the same we have to follow up regularly and wait for the other team. the price that appears in the list when you search when you click changes again it s different again then you have to pay cleaning fees which previously were 70k now it s 90k it s a bonus for staying at travelio if you order via the travelio application. customer service is hard to call by phone even though it is during working hours chat response is sometimes slow there was also a problem with the electricity billing. advertisement scam. not recommended to use this application my experience with travelio was horrible. rent an apartment for 1 month the price has to include internet which is also expensive in fact the internet is already 2 x 24 hours and can t be used complain to customer service only to be told to wait without any clarity service is disappointing give up don t use it again travelio. refund a month s deposit when i want to check in with contact it s really difficult to always meet either the chatbot or the admin and not the keyholder when the trx says checkin at 2 o clock then the trx checkin at 3 o clock it just makes you stressed for me airbnb abroad is easier to coordinate etc than travelio in one city. this application is kinda creepy and annoying i just looked for some apartments without clicking or asking any follow up but in the next day the sales aggressively contact by wa chat that kinda annoy since it happened during the meeting the notification was annoying please do not contact your customer if they don t ask it. disappointed and feel wronged we rented 1 month at the transpark apartments cibubur apartment from 03 24 2023 04 24 2023 in order to work on a project business the condition of the unit does not match the photo in the application the condition of the unit is dirty dusty lots of cobwebs air conditioner internet dispenser refrigerator damaged i have complained many times to customer service asked to be moved to a proper unit the response was long winded until now no solution has been provided this is very annoying hinders us in our work. no more renting using this application bye. totally horrible especially the customer service they ask us many times to book the property but they don t give honest conditions about the apartment they just give general answers after that you will be trapped they don t want to reveal the answer of standard question for long stay where the room is facing how much estimation for the excluded etc they re just too lazy to find out but keep asking me to book they don t even arrange for showing unit even i asked many times don t use travelio. nightmare experience very hard to checkout from the unit even to ask for staff for easier checkout process was very hard made an appointment at 9 30 but no show untill 11 30. the service is not very good cleaning room problems sometimes don t you bring a pillowcase whatever we also didn t bring towels the reason for continuing laundry after being notified for days they only answered yes later today in coordination with field people it wasn t finished until the next year i don t know if i can t work or if i m just lazy. a lame service with 0 star rating. the application is still heavy and has lots of bugs every time you make a payment an error message appears please repair the application and display a relevant error message with a clear cause for users. if you guys want to have a pleasant holiday don t use travelio they ask what time we check in tomorrow we said around 6 7 17 45 we contact say we ll come at 18 15 they ask us to contact them 15 mins before our arrival 15 mins before arrival we contact them but no reply when we arrive staff not there chat us there s a problem w the room ask us to go to another appart once we arrive no staff for full review read in travelio facebook there are a lot of bad reviews there including mine. have lived for 5 months in the unit i live in now i have had many problems there but i am very cooperative in asking for solutions from travelio but really travelio s service is very slow several times i have waited for confirmation for a very long time and travelio if not asked again i won t give you any information this time i had a problem with the air conditioner and even though i had requested a technician 2 weeks ago they didn t come even though the costs were borne by me. crazy not as beautiful as imagined the payment is complicated the application is bad the agent sent is slow i m at the bank confused about whether to make a direct transfer for a year given two total amounts that have to be paid i m confused about which one to pay on wa it doesn t work not very professional. super bad experience there is always a problem when extending my book and the customer service is so slow at times i cannot enter my room because the door lock code is changed without notification and can t even get a quick response from customer service if only i had other choices i would definetly uninstall this amazing application. no more renting on this application i just want to pay the electricity bill water parking rental it s not done it s been a long time and i agree that the bill is together with the parking rental but i only get water electricity i m tired of contacting customer service how many times at each follow up i have to repeat the chronology again not to mention the electricity bill which doesn t make sense so it goes up luckily there is proof of the bill from the apartment management but the customer service is sure that their data is correct even though i have clearly attached proof of the bill from management. this is the most complicated accommodation application and not very user friendly. 26 chats in 1 minute forcing users to download this application is not a good attitude. can t reschedule the basic features should be there. no staff to handle check in chat in application not working customer s service is not responsive so late travelio require u to inform customer service 3 hours before check in time or they won t let you in they ask u to pay deposit only from application and return it 2 days after check out seriously travelio has the worst check in experience. slow service the owner has not agreed but the status is still pending in the follow up he said to check with the relevant team continuously think again if you want to rent through this. sending too much information in email repeatedly saying to check out the apartment email spam we as customers already know why check out is at 12 o clock late check out fine is idr 1 0 0 deposit idr 200 0 a neighbor application that has been around for a long time it s safe without a deposit. travelio is not clear even ordinary apartments require a deposit of 200 thousand equivalent to a 5 star hotel deposit everyone has to download this useless application the unit wasn t ready even though the payment had been made the response took a long time so we were left stranded while waiting to be transferred bad experience with travelio. disappointed with the application which is very slow but everything else is ok. rubbish service it was really difficult to check in when i arrived there was no one on standby i didn t pick up the phone and the customer service ended up forfeiting 500 thousand. disappointing first experience using travelio the unit being rented and the terms and conditions of the application do not match if you can t get installments to pay for advertising make it clear and don t have an installment and application option for that unit because it will confuse consumers or eliminate the installment altogether don t worry when you want to book you can t when you ve booked the owner doesn t agree if that s the case at the start they say they can t do installments every 6 months not recommended travelio clearly. experience nothing but horrible takes too long to answer questions don t give their best support to the customers well i know it s not a customer service application but they were doing a hospitality business i assume the owner of this business doesn t know how to manage the hospitality business section you lower your price but the experience is horrible well is the matter of time the business will close update until today 4 days i ve been here i haven t got a new towel just a towel. i was looking for an apartment to rent on this application but looking at the reviews on the play store and on google the average is terrible i ve decided not to use this application. irritating how they create airbnb listings just to direct people to download their application totally an untransparent move and i wouldn t have made the airbnb booking if i had known it s managed by them the check in process is a joke and obviously since i m not dealing with the direct owner i don t get other amenities such as parking spot i might as well stay in a hotel if that s the case really beware they may just be behind other ota listings i can loudly say you suck. serious system room boy cannot be contacted lots of damage the team is not responsive. don t order here h 3 suddenly travelio reported that the unit was not available offers replacement units with longer distances and much narrower spaces travelio has a no cancelation policy but they cancel at will when time is tight. worse i ve given up on using this application finally failed to check in because of the hassle it s okay to lose money instead of ruining your holiday mood. request a refund for old handling. there are many shortcomings that need to be addressed the application is complicated chat replies take a long time but chats from the system can be repeated many times a day the cleanliness of the unit is lacking it seems like deep cleaning is rare there are still remnants of the previous tenant s dna trivial facilities such as rags and doormats are also poorly prepared not found when checking in. really bad service regret using travelio at first the advertisement seemed very promising i thought it was professional travelio s party who helped us check in was delayed before the appointment time whereas we were told to be on time if we weren t on time we would be fined 50 thousand then it turns out the unit is still in arrears so the process to management is a mess and can t handle entry access etc it s so long winded complicated unclear. while on office duty in makassar i used travelio s services to choose an apartment the good thing is you can order online but what makes me disappointed is that travelio doesn t seem to have implemented minimum standards for facilities from partners unit owners when i first rented i got an apartment with adequate facilities according to my expectations as a worker but when i rented the second time i got a unit that didn t even have chairs and dispensers so only bedroom units can only be used for sleeping standards need to be improved again yes. cleaning scheduling is very bad cleaner didn t show up twice in a row without confirmation customer service responded very slowly no solution for complaints. the application is really complicated i swear travelio s internal coordination is really messy it s not in sync with the field people and the application admin kapok leases in this application i swear i swear. the application sucks it s really hard to complain about leaks sometimes the application can t open chat but you have to contact us via travelio chat not recommended for those looking for a long stay. the air conditioner in this room is broken tonight is the 3rd night staying here but they haven t fixed it the room boy asked me to rate the room in the application on the day i checked in and the rating couldn t be updated so i put it here. bad service from customer service they don t want to reply to messages the excess money has not been returned but it s still being processed there s no lpg the access card hasn t been updated so you have to ask the security guard to help you get up the elevator the room was moved on the day to a smaller room. only given 1 access asked for 1 more the request has been hanging for half a month customer service hasn t helped at all. i rented an apartment at travelio for a month and i was given an apartment that was not suitable because there was damage here and there and the apartment unit also had a nest of cockroaches room boy never confirmed whether the unit i rented was suitable for occupancy or not even though travelio provides repair services my time is wasted because i have to provide time to accompany technicians and pest control to handle the unit i live in. pls be very careful when using travelio rent for 2 months and for the first 3 weeks only deal with scheduling technician due to air conditioner problems travelio does not give any solution to this problem only sending technicians again and again who never punctual problems still not solved but it remains to be asked for the second month payment every day by email. the check in process was very complicated the apartment had to use a finger print and was not informed when you checked in you were only informed and the apartment office was closed so every time you went up to the desired floor you had to go to the security post this is my second and final experience using travelio my first experience buying a package with internet stayed two nights until checking out there was no internet every complaint had to be made via the application and the response was very slow already chat on wa shit slow response same thing. not recommended unreliable disappointing already booked and paid in full but pending status until the day response unclear detrimental to valuable time. why does it take so long every time i want to check in check in at 12 then get the room in the next 3 4 hours just a waste of time do you have to look for an empty room first or what in this fast paced era there are still people whose service takes a long time like this. the unit is damaged. this application and your sop are so bad we should send the pic to our live chat when we check out i mean this is not my own job dont you have staff for doing this and one more your live chat is so so so bad it s really really annoying when ur chat always crashes when we open this feature and don t have any notifications for the chat your room and your boy s room are so good but not for this application and the sop. the customer service and their application sop are the worst the only nice thing is the effort of their roomboy. i rented for one month turned out to be the wrong room and was only informed 10 days later the service took a long time the room was not as beautiful as the picture and why are the reviews on the application so good even at the end of my rental i couldn t give a review maybe they know i won t give them a good rating. very slow response meanwhile we need fast the last answer was we would check it first for available units then until now there is no any information feel doesn t need customer please improve soon. it s not clear i was told to update several times. i read so many bad reviews well it s better for me to uninstall it don t just use marketing words when facing problems try to solve problems with every client who gives a low rating and don t ignore them. never booking on travelio especially monthly ones because you could suddenly be kicked out lol it s only been a month i intend to try first whether the unit is suitable or not after 2 weeks i wanted to extend it but someone had already booked it for next month where there was no confirmation to me before i knew i was booking monthly as a result i was kicked out travelio think about it carefully is it really easy for people to move the service isn t great not recommended. the customer service staff is really hard to communicate with once i reported my issues in the unit on the next day they still asked the same question why did i waste such time explaining and then doing the same thing on the next day no such permission to give explanation on major issues such as wifi i had made a deposit to pay the internet yet no solution until i checked out from unit the experience was worst and i wouldn t use this service anymore wouldn t recommend it to my friends. very slow customer service in the application there was damage to the air conditioner which was leaking when i wanted to check it which had to be charged again now the water is off and there is no response and the no cancel policy is very detrimental very bad experience. the deposit money took a long time to come back the deposit refund process takes a very very long time. rented a unit for straight year the unit came with many troubles first it was very dirty and came up with many troubles broken water dispenser leaking toilet sink cracked windows and missing intercom handle contacted travelio via the application but the response was bad and slow they sent technician 2 times and only managed to fix the window they tried to fix the toilet sink and managed to leave me only with cold water adding extra problem very poor problem solving from travelio. seriously fraud. the most horrible customer service and property management agent their response is very slow and unclear i have already made an appointment to visit the unit before checking in but they arrived at the d day can you imagine i have already contacted their customer service via application phone call and whatsapp nothing happened. bad experiences lots of cockroaches in the room the bathroom is very smelly and dirty. ok just for checking in diligent in looking for new prey customer service works alone there is absolutely no internal coordination the same thing can be asked several times a day by different people it s not clear about this application consumers have already paid electricity costs water he said it wouldn t be paid for several months communication could only be via email it s too bad i won t use it again thankyou travelio. quick to get your money to get you checked in but slow in response or no response or help after checked in reviews are fake for unfurnished units mostly done by the owners themselves to attract people giving fake 5 stars beware and always check the unit before checking in there are items added in inventory that do not match existing items in reality the application is often slow and not reliable the place is noisy and leaking with faucet malfunction really bad for my stay experience. to ask to show unit can be such a hassle application request show unit disappears as they delay your request the room prices go up by the time you want to rent the unit is already 1 2x higher than regular unrequested price this is their tactic make sure you also check the unit before checking in for the unfurnished because there are not perfect ie water leakage on the ceiling tap cannot close properly cracks on the wall inventory not according to list images posted do not reflect reality. bad all bad don t use travelio ever travelio sop is horrible bad experiences from the start with the room boy then customer service responses from customer service are robotic and not helpful they make it hard just for billing and deposits bad. the apartment facilities are quite good but returning the deposit takes a long time and is difficult i m currently waiting for the deposit to be returned hopefully travelio will return my deposit soon. error when sending image. disappointing service. the service is bad if you are chasing customer obligations you are delaying customer rights very bad service offline service is bad online application service keeps lagging don t expect the deposit to be returned in full and returned on time because they will delay if there is a problem it is difficult to contact online or offline customer service nearly scam choose another application airbnb much better. horrible application and service stay away they made me pay for a unit that is easily not available and it s been one month and i haven t received any refunds every time i ask about it they seem to be stalling the communication is bad if u want to rent a unit in indonesia just do it anywhere else but here. waiting time for the room boy finally arrived and managing the check in thingy is like forever 100 chance of late they don t care about the check in time that you gave them before even though you may remind them about the check in time they will always be late the room itself is just ok. service 1 5 got a good apart ok good got the bad one give up believe me. bad service the air conditioner was coming out with a lot of water like it was going to flood i wanted to pay for the service but i made an appointment on saturday afternoon but the technician didn t come then i complained to travelio customer service they were told they couldn t do it on saturday the technician chatted on sunday evening at 9 chatted he would come on monday then i asked the technician he said he would only be informed by travelio at 8 pm on sunday. bad experience difficult to check in and out because you don t go through reception you can t park you can t cancel you have to enter your id card using the application and deposit 200 thousand by entering your account number and the application immediately accesses the gallery without notification pay attention to the contents of the junior high school review ask for screenshots bad stay experience dirty without mineral water leftover rubbish from old residents. one application that is not professional and i am very disappointed with the service. if there is a complaint it takes a long time to deal with it every time i follow up i am asked again what the problem is keep repeating the customer service really doesn t connect. return the old deposit and deduct rp 218 048 said it was water and electricity bills rented the unit for almost a month only when i checked in i only stayed 1 2 hours because it was uncomfortable there i wanted to check out early i was given a refund when i checked in with other regulations and then i went there again just after checkout it only took an hour the same husband it doesn t make sense to cut it it s already rich enough to pay for a month s house electricity you can t afford to rent at travelio any more. if possible you don t have to look for rent an apartment from this application because they make it difficult i ve had 5 months of rent through them but they can t give me a statement in the contract agreement letter which ends up being detrimental to me because i can t extend the term of my vehicle which makes me have to pay hourly for the vehicle rate and from 2022 until now i always follow up but there is no action from travelio it just makes things difficult until the moment i typed this review there was still no sign. the application keeps having trouble discount vouchers cannot be used during payment even though they comply with the tandc i contacted the team via wa but was only told to continue with payment there s no solution. unfortunately travelio supports the trickery and scamming of customers what do i mean i have a unit in jakarta with a constant noise source of 55 60 decibels it is the house s ventilation system this fact was hidden at the handover by turning on the air conditioner and tv so it was not so obvious at first i complained immediately the next morning instead of supporting me with a replacement they protect the scammy behavior my fault for getting tricked into signing the contract so buyer beware. the apartment was not clean when we entered a rancid smell wafted through the kitchen shelves sentul tower apartment parking lot is not safe just a week into staying here my car rearview mirror was stolen and unfortunately security even accused me of having lost my rear view mirror somewhere else even though all the cars parked backwards so i had to use the rear view mirror when i wanted to park and when asked whether there was cctv they said only the area right in front of the lobby had cctv. what kind of service is this. the worst customer service experience i have ever experienced not because of the personnel but because of poor infrastructure sops and slas from management that is not transparent and fair in terms of 1 prices regarding details of fees charged 2 fines how they are calculated and 3 refund policy up to 60 days i hope that the relevant regulators who regulate permits ethics and business models of platforms like travelio will read and hear my complaints and those of other tenants who also feel what i experienced. no thanks worst check in and service experience i ve ever had nothing topped this horrible application in terms of anything bad in the world if i could rate this application minus 100 i would do it in a heartbeat. scamming seriously for the sake of allah anyone who reads this review do not use travelio it s better to use oyo traveloka reddoorz whatever it is i lost 2 2 million because of a very unreasonable deposit it s better for me to lose 2 2 million than to lose 4 5 million. very impressive i ordered 5 days for a family holiday i checked in late at around 9 but as soon as i entered the bathroom glass is dirty the gas is out there are not enough towels the tv doesn t have a broadcast after staying for 2 days the internet was dead really confused thank you travelio we are very impressed. the application sucks can t access to checkin and chat the room boy the review inside the application might be wrong or fake maybe you need to think twice to use this application for rent the unit is not the same as image present on application don t use this service. bad service not professional. customer service was not working slow response check in was difficult check out was rushed pdhl wasn t entered on check out date though was exposed deposit was old field people wouldn t help pdhl he was the one that made me post charge kapok no longer rent an apart through travelio. very bad service the water is small the sink faucet is leaking the air conditioner has run out of freon the machine is noisy the toilet hose is leaking the authorization letter for parking has not been given for 4 days the paint in the room is peeling a lot you have to take care of loading the goods yourself customer service promised the technician to fix the sink faucet to come at 11 afternoon until 3 this afternoon it still hasn t arrived all my bad experiences with travelio are complete. rented the apartment for 3 months and when i handed over the keys they said they would help me with loading and parking after handing over the keys it turned out i didn t help them at all with anything and the person disappeared and couldn t be contacted after asking for a 5 star rating customer service was also contacted the service was a mess where was the damage to the unit where what time does the technician arrive thank you very much first impression makes me want to just uninstall this application. not a solution when there is a problem. too many pop ups annoying so it s wrong to keep pressing. the most trashy rental application be careful of being trapped in a rotten apartment the photos displayed in the old photo application and four are actually rotten and the facilities are damaged complaints about being slow just a bot template reply didn t do it can t refund either be careful hopefully there are no further victims the reviews on the application are not real fake not true because the agent who guides you directly reviews it before seeing the unit. the application itself has no significant problems its the staff the service and everything else in between i rent a room through you so i dont have to deal with the building management and if you have any beef or ongoing dispute with the said other party i shouldn t i don t and i wouldn t care otherwise why would i rent the room via you. the order was not clear couldn t contact the service provider after paying the order status was still pending he said he was waiting for travelio to confirm with the provider eh you know the order disappeared from the list he said because the order was canceled because the place was not available customer service anonymous and slow response they said the refund process would take 3 5 working days when it had been 5 days when i asked for clarity they said it was still being submitted i m really fed up of not using travelio anymore i hope i get my money back as soon as possible. the room rented to me was totally a different room from their application and i had to wait until 10 00 pm to check in their excuse was the owner didn t pay the electricity fee so they moved me to another room and the room was worse than my choice. it is very difficult to get a contactable customer service the automatic response in the chat has limited options is slow and spams the same question over and over again until there is a human answer very much later inflexible in extending booking dates and editing profile difficult to inquire extra information. don t book an apartment using travelio it was very annoying from the first time i came in from the start i was suspicious why i couldn t show the unit hey i actually got a unit with a broken air conditioner the water turned off it was smelly and dirty complaining is also difficult because the travelio number cannot be called can only chat even then the response was really great when you complained you were told to take it to building management yourself not responsible even though the rent is expensive you get service like this this kind of business won t last long. booked apartment in surabaya with horrible experience head office in jkt with low ranking representative in surabaya which has no clue with the unit nor making right decisions there is no system of unit controlling cleaning and proper maintenance taken place facilities are outdated and some even dirty so much different with picture which is fresh clean customer service is like a desperate agent who is ready to argue she has no manners interrupting while addressing the issue winner of the worst. really dissapointed book for a luxury villa during new year holiday but suddenly unavailable and the worst is your customer service even not picking up my calls at all live chat just like a robot i just want my money back as soon as possible horrible experience ever. all the pictures are fake nothing is true except the room size the worst stay experience ever i need to clean before staying all furniture are broken and filthy dirty no wonder the staff stay at the door on checking in process i was sold by all the fake reviews to book dissatisfied disappointed through and through. track my activities. not user friendly slow response too many advertisement bad experience during check in property is not clean. complicated check in request so much info need to pay deposit customer service slow response then not clear info what s the next steps unlike air bnb. the service was very bad very bad from the beginning of check in the condition of the room equipment etc was checked and the wifi that had been ordered apparently didn t exist after staying 4 days still nothing i complained via chat and whatsapp the complaint was answered for a long time and the next day it was reset again and asked again on the phone to customer service using the operator and unable to press the button to complain told to press button 3. first try booking via this application the room boy was not on time i had to wait almost 2 hours and there was no compensation whatsoever i even asked for late checkout even though they made me check in late the apartment is also not good some parts are moldy my review for the apartment doesn t appear in the application only 5 reviews appear in the application very disappointing. i can t review the room in the application pay attention to the description read everything excellent to bottom in detail the apartment unit in the living room has no air conditioner the room is very hot in the kitchen the hexos is very small i don t know if it s on or not it s really hot when cooking when you turn on the microwave you have to turn off the air conditioner or the electricity isn t strong the bellboy who helped check in was in a hurry didn t help check the furniture but immediately asked for a review of the bellboy s rating i was waiting anyway the furniture is also not in good condition aka it s all scratchy will not order again at trvelio 700k not worth it zonk. never install it let it rent a unit on travelio liar service is not good chat was ignored by staff deposit money takes out of a 5 star hotel but the service is much better at a street stall the price is very expensive too many hidden costs beware of getting traped it appears to be the same reviews in other places better choose traveloka or agoda don t get scammed with travelio and there will be other victims the unit is stinky and dirty dusty. problematic units cannot be exchanged customer service response is slow chat errors often occur. some of the units offered and rented are in an uninhabitable condition very dirty and lots of cockroaches the room boy is also not in order the new tenant checking in is already asking for five stars very tricky it s better to rent an apartment via an agency it s cheaper and the units are more decent. if i could give a zero i would the 4 9 5 is fishy when all i see is bad experience after bad experience including my own firstly no comms and details at all earliest check in time is at 3pm and u have to pay 50 if u request early check in from 9 to 11am 30 from 11am to 2pm no refunds we ll get fined if we re 30 mins late to check in but we waited for more than 30 mins don t get started on checking out what nonsense i haven t even scratched the surface of the issue terrible application. the house of rules information is different from that sent by email sucks. critical rent a fully furnished unit but when checking in 80 of the furniture doesn t work unit use date is delayed because you have to repair everything first they promised temporary relocation but it has not yet been realized ended up losing in time mind and material 0 10 very bad customer service service php in and work on customers all day with no clarity. my experience with travelio was horrible they make it so difficult to contact the room boy to arrange for check in there is no communication or details even up to the day of our stay for an application like this they should be sending reminders or other communication forms to engage with the users who have booked the room having to deal with third party customer service makes everything worse the application interface sucks too they try to fit everything in such a small space overall i won t use it anymore. the charges charged are not clearly stated regarding credit card payments. a very bad experience the room is good but travelio s customer service is the worst don t buy the cleaning credits the crew was not on time all the time the linen was dirty and doesn t give you a complete set in my case i don t get towels the staff was very eager when i wanted to book but after that the service was so bad i don t even think to recommend and book again thanks for the bad service a really bad experience edit in the review it says order not found it s funny bro. critical critical the worst service i have ever used the service is really bad every day there is a debate with customer service until you get tired really anxious regret renting here for 2 months towels were torn requested cleaning didn t bring towels didn t bring mat there s a lot of drama when you rent here have paid your service is not cheap either if you can t be professional there s no need to offer. i really don t recommend renting via this application my experience was very bad and i chose to give up the remaining rental period travelio did not carry out an assessment regarding the habitability of the unit the mattress i was on was rickety and part of the cot was broken after i complained there was no solution except take it to the owner even though i complained from the first day of occupancy i requested to cancel or move the unit even though paying more was also not allowed poor operation and quality. hi travelio here is an honest testimonial that i have ordered several times 1 travelio should survey the condition of the apartment and provide the latest photos for each unit because i have experienced that the photos are much different from the original 2 travelio should filter apartments that are actually worth living in not just provide cheap rental options 3 improve the deposit return process because currently it is very long winded 4 application are very heavy and slow often force stop. very bad dissapointed service. first time using travelio for 2 people 1 pillows not fitted with pillowcases 2 missing 1 bath towel and the towel was damp as if it had been used 3 the room has a lot of dust like the room hasn t been cleaned for 1 week 4 the unit s electricity goes out at night and there are no staff on standby on site to provide assistance so we have to spend the night without electricity 5 a complaint has been submitted to customer service and customer service is slow to respond help tldr don t use travelio bad service unless you want to test your patience. regret it this is my first time using travelio and i was very disappointed travelio admin is not clever enough to help any answer just asked to wait the officer who helped us check in responded more quickly and answered our questions the admin s answer was very unhelpful and repeated like the autotext that had been created only 1 towel and it was damp there was one less pillowcase and the pillow was very very dirty with traces of hair etc the unit is still dusty and there are ants then there is no service. bad service. bad service the staff didn t show up when i was about to check in and i was left alone in the lobby for 1 hour no room key no information no service no refund given. the admin makes reasonable gk bills including electricity and water payments. i was really disappointed when i tried to use travelio to rent the one park residence apartment because it turned out that all guests who stayed there just one night had to take an antigen swab this makes it difficult because it creates additional costs because you have to provide antigens for 4 people even though now you don t need an antigen or pcr to enter another country as long as you have a booster vaccine the room is also still dirty so even more disappointed. bad service slow refund almost 3 months and still on process they collected money very fast and very complicated for repayment staff late more than 30 minutes on checkin process after waiting so long the staff brought wrong key and we had to wait again after that we can t cancel and they don t want to refund the money. don t want to rent here it s very dangerous it could expect you the renters in 1 year of use where from me the first rent was not new items and the sofa was damaged due to reasonable use the sofa was bought at ikea for not more than 1 5 million rupiah in condition new and original but after i reported the damage the process was took more than 2 months and was informed the price for the repair was at least 2 8 million rupiah crazy. it s a shame that the checkin scheme is so complicated must be at least 2 hours confirm arrival whatever time you come don t recommend. for short terms daily it is not recommended checkin had to wait for the staff they came up to 1 2 hour late checkout was told to violate the sop by operational staff new deposit returned 1 day after checking out long term i read and read a lot of horror stories about depositing millions and don t come back still kind enough to give 3 stars because the room matches the photo even though it s better to just go to a hotel if it s a short term because cleanliness and comfort are clearly still far behind compared to hotels. checkin is complicated says it starts at 14 00 but in the selected application the earliest is 15 00 ask to change it to customer service says it has been changed but it s still 15 00 what does that mean the business process is complicated the workers are not clear. got scammed i paid the full 30 million to book apart on december 3 2022 but the 1st day was canceled on the grounds that the owner asked for a price increase 1 star first if the refund is fast then the star will be increased. very uncommunicative the pic placed on the property does not exist when asked for his cellphone number he was not given it regret choosing travelio. never rent an apartment here again it s better to be more expensive than sorry everything was broken the air conditioner wasn t cold and had a short circuit so the bathroom door couldn t be locked apartments that are rented are generally problematic they already know but they still rent it out i was forced to sleep 5 nights in 1 room b4 room boy is not responsible dtg2 only asked for a review don t believe reviews on application because they are all lies. i booked here 3 months before but on the 3rd day the room wasn t ready i was advised to move to a very far apart apartment even though i had a concert don t want to use this guys cheaters where there is no recommendation again there is no responsibility even ask for recommendations from custumers hadeh. worse applicators already booked with full payment for 2 months ago and got canceled in d 2 a staff only offered replacement unit with a downgrade quality and price worth the complimentary as much as rp 150k in the form of voucher what a worse service comes from their hr operations staff i would highly not recommend using this applicator if don t want a sudden cancellation look up in twitter for similar case it s not only me trash application trash service. no problem with the application but the service sucks tried travelio 2 years ago bad customer service and follow up tried again last month still bad service slow responses no follow up wrong units to survey wasting time. really regret leaving the unit the 750k list was forfeited even though it was promoting cash back want to get out and pay another 1 million and another fine every month our unit is empty or filled we have to pay insurance money admins are different people and things get complicated i replied to an email with the wrong name even though my full name was written the reply was my full name but not my name chaotic no first impressions are already complicated it s like it s free you ve already spent the money and then you have to worry about it right. too many push notifications very annoying. it s strange when i checked out i submitted a review but until now 4 months have passed and the review hasn t appeared is it because you give a small rating and the review describes travelio s poor service so it is moderated only showing the good ones that s how big the monthly rental deposit is twice the rental price itself. customer service very bad the customer service employees who contacted me from the office and also at the location didn t do anything right check in process 2 hours don t send the key immediately the person is still in another apartment very unprofessional those who want to rent an apartment are advised to go through a local agent only don t use this application. coming in on saturday apart from unfurnished loading of goods i don t know if it s possible or not even though it s already clear on saturday max loading of goods at 12 o clock is written in the system if there s no writing i don t pay friday it s already starting at 8 o clock confirmation of loading he said he doesn t know dr i haven t heard from the field yet on the phone from travelio he said he wanted to explain in fact the point was to ask for more money because he wanted to ci early when i loaded the goods max at 12 i ci at 14 who put it in anyway the phone was turned off i haven t finished talking yet no pool. the most best application ever i had a long chat with customer service basically i wanted to view it to use this saturday but instead i gave it a viewing on monday because it wasn t really clear. bad customer service. please better application next the customer service is useless just replace the lights told you to wait 3 hours even though the daily checkin as you enter the unit the lights are off keep moving the apartment eh it turns out i can t use the apartment without confirmation just move place it is highly recommended not to use this wasted time can be up to 8 hours due to customer service. the service is really bad trust me so no one will regret it. please be aware that it s a scam i rented an apartment through them and i never saw the apartment they never answer the email or phone and my money is gone don t use them. very slow response hard to contact. scam agents images do not match reality monthly rent 8 5 million but dirty walls dirty curtains broken stove damaged water tap 4 cockroaches in the bathroom dirty floor never use travelio after that the deposit is cut for overstated electricity and water fraudster. difficult to do early check in the information from the automatic bot travelio and room boy is different room boy also forces to give 5 stars deposit refunds are also not automatic. don t ever use this application it s super disappointing from the first use until the deposit refund is terrible the service is terrible the customer service is rotten and very cruel the unit is bad at tamansari semanggi the water heater is broken the wifi can t connect the air conditioner is broken when the unit isn t there we don t can cancel this is the plan to report to ylki because i feel trapped and cheated by travelio. i paid a month ago and canceled on the day because the unit was not available. slow service the deposit is expensive and it takes a long time to get it back to be honest. bad service. very unprofessional service. critical the damaged unit was given to the booker the bathroom was damaged asked to replace the unit instead i was told to be patient and there was no news check in at 2 new staff arrived at 2 30 the application is bad the live chat takes a long time to respond can t attach images etc instead it freezes didn t check the unit before giving it will not order here again. deceptive application lots of rules don t match ribed. for those of you who want to install this application think again ok the room and check in are suitable it s easy but refunding deposit fees is super duper long and difficult customer service is also slow there is no follow up especially the operational team so it s better if you look for a booking application that is more worth it to travelio hopefully this will be used as evaluation material your service is really bad. slow response from staff and live chat it was said that you could check in at 14 00 at the earliest and even though in the selected application the earliest was at 15 00 it turned out that the staff was late and said it was easy to forget i rented the next one i ve asked to make sure it s available at 14 00 they say they can but again they have the same reasoning. the service was very bad really disappointing late response not cooperative. worst service the availability is fake they will cancel you 3 days before d day don t ever rent from this application i literally regret renting apart from this application soo regrets. complicated process. not recommended not user friendly so many steps to submit complaint and what is the use of tenant guest column to be filled in actual the system automatically uses user account data for apartment contract and once error or need change it cannot be revised amended also does the staff check all facilities in the working apartment or not before tenants check in from the 1st day stay so many found about broken facilities in unit and not only me but my friend also has the same complaint. not really good service really we haven t checked out yet the electricity has been turned off then there s also a misscom with the building checking out is also a hassle najong. customer service is not communicative the check in process takes a long time waiting for room boy for more than 1 hour and what s worse is being forced to give a 5 star rating for the check in process because while looking at and waiting for the room boy. bad service booked a 3 bedroom apartment promised to check in from 3 o clock until now there has been no news until 17 00 it s difficult to even check in. seriously not trustworthy it s been more than 1 week and the deposit money hasn t been returned to the application chat with customer service is still in process. the room couldn t be used because i couldn t check in the stupid roomboy couldn t be contacted. customer service doesn t help roomboy is useless complaining doesn t help at all it s better to just look for an agent. don t use this application it s all fake after you paid they don t reply anymore no service at all and no wifi they won t give you. customer service does not provide solutions i want to early check in i can t and i have to explain many times i want to check in early and asked again why i contact your customer service it s impossible for me to contact your customer service to fuck it s crazy that it s not recommended indeed it s a break. i was uncomfortable with the room boy customer service who helped me check in at the field because he asked for a 5 star rating and even immediately pressed his 5 star rating on my cellphone without asking whether he agreed or not i deliberately left it because i wanted to see his attitude it turns out it s true that i ordered twice through travelio all the room boys were like that model that s why the rating is good but in reality the check in process was complicated and the unit i rented was not satisfactory. i made a booking on the application it said checkin at 2 o clock when i paid it changed to checkin at 3 o clock it s been more than 1 month since i chatted with admin but no response what application is this. as its application is easy as well but the direct service is not helpful since checking in the functions and everything about the apartment were not explained since the first day of needing help to change the gas for the stove it was not replaced at all until the end of check out even offered to buy it yourself even though there was an option for reimbursement hopefully there will be improvements. the application is complicated and not user friendly deposit returns are not immediate 1 5 days for deposits guest id cards are requested if they are different from those booked even though the deposit uses the account owner not the guest. the original process is convoluted asking what the answer is or not doesn t help at all renting the unit annually even though it s not daily when asked for a solution the answer always defaults to inform or confirm first but there is never an answer at all minus. slow response telephone number could not be contacted replied after almost 2 hours. booked a unit with wifi but the wifi couldn t be used i applied for a refund only to be asked to wait 14 working days even though up to now i ve been waiting for almost 2 months and there s still no clarity. the admin cannot be controlled from before ordering the info was check in at 2pm after payment was confirmed but in fact just past 2pm they said check in at 3pm admin who can t keep his word. when checking in the unit is not like in the photo the walls are very dirty a lot of damage and very slow customer service maybe it s because they don t allow viewing the unit its like a trap. received the unit without paying the bill the water was dead can t urinate or shower when i complained the response took a very long time how is it possible that the owner and travelio have not paid the bill without this information while there are tenants who have the right to get water and electricity which will be paid at the end of the month it looks unprofessional. rent apartment for 2 months toilet is dirty as public toilet broken toilet flush takes days to fix. the first impression is very disappointing the staff is not professional at all. bad service with uninhabitable rooms. the customer service is terrible never apologizes when a mistake occurs on travelio s part always twists his sentences as if it was the customer s fault this has happened 3 times please make the customer service more professional. very bad i used to be a unit owner and paid to entrust travelio too the people were screaming really badly even though we own the unit and pay when we want to join until we stay it won t happen then today i have already paid for 2 days of rent and the deposit hasn t been paid yet then we showed proof of payment he even asked for a review before handing over the keys which we definitely didn t want. service is defective the call center is deliberately made difficult to contact people in the field are always hours late. checkin the room was smelly and dirty the walls were moldy the bathroom smells bad the air conditioner is not cold you have to spend your own money to fix the air conditioner when i checked out i was charged money because the lid of the refrigerator was broken even though when i entered it was already in that condition give up on using travelio the rooms are not taken care of but the pay is expensive we spend our own money on things inside to fix them i ve really given up. i am a new user rented two units at casa grande montreal and mirage since the first check in the main door was broken the wifi internet couldn t work the tv set excellent box didn t turn on travelio s service was very slow it s been 3 days since the handling has not been repaired promises continue to be made but the technician doesn t come travelio has really failed to fulfill important points for customers safety comfort and business support i have been greatly harmed until now there has been no goodwill towards me for compensation. give up on using this application the service is super bad i rented an apartment travelio asked for a deposit of 3 million rupiah after about 2 months i checked and it turned out that the deposit had been returned with an unclear bill and a deduction of 900 thousand for the reason that i broke the glass door of the cupboard in his room even though on the first day i entered the cupboard door was immediately removed by a travelio technician and put on the balcony for repairs and i never touched it again until i checked out super not recommended. disappointingly the rental unit had many problems repair costs were all borne by yourself and repair financing information was not included in the contract chaotic. the location of the apart is very strategic near the sms mall the rooms are satisfying it s great. terrible application just wanting to chat with the owner is very difficult many units are sold but still installed in the stall it s better to use mamikos. deceptive promos they say there is a 30 discount coupon all of them are lies rubbish just uninstall it. never rent again from travelio the service is like rubbish the unit given was damaged a lot if the electricity goes out you have to take care of it even though you rent for 1 month and stay for 3 days. ms iis marselin as owner relations was helpful unfortunately it has now been replaced in the second year of the contract suddenly there was a bill of idr 25 0 month for photos of the water electricity meter in the first year there was no bill there s nothing in the contract either there is also never any prior notification i ve asked the current owner relations but the answer is wishy washy said it could be deleted then said there were provisions i don t know where it s written but instead asked me to contact bm i m still the one who bothers to contact bm you already get the fee. the customer service is not professional the air conditioner in the main room was off since the first day of living in the apartment and asked them to check it that same day but for 2 weeks there had been no action even though i contacted every day the experience was very bad then the customer service on the phone often didn t pick up i will edit this review if the air conditioner problem has been resolved what are the apartment facilities priced at 4 million the one without air conditioner however i plan to extend my contract if i feel comfortable living here. the maintenance is very bad complained many times but there was no solution bought an internet package but there has been no internet for 4 days and the customer was thrown to customer service customer service didn t have to go to the operational team the operational team was slow to respond and ignored customer complaints it s better to rent directly or not complicated like using an application. 1 5 hours waiting for the person who gave us the key what kind of clowns did you guys hire. very bad took care of the parking for 2 weeks before it was finished the access card was lost the building fine was idr 50 0 but we were charged idr 500 0 i wanted to take care of it myself i couldn t do that for this reason the contract was also not signed and the owner s name was wrong highly not recommended deposit refund is also unclear rental testimonials at green scout apartments. the service is very bad coordination is not clear even small things have a long response i ve been booked for a year long stay just 3 days it s not comfortable disappointing thought who would like to rent through travelio especially staying for a long period. the 3 million deposit is held for up to 2 months from the check out date think again if you want to use travelio. in terms of billing the email was very fast but when we asked for rights the response took a very long time i checked out from the 13th of november yesterday asked for proof of deposit refund but we were given the proof requested then the details of the utility consumption have not been sent until now but i know it has been deducted how much is the deposit strange. fuck the mattress collapsed even though the child had just slept on it response to complaints is very slow won t use it again when checking in customers were immediately asked to give 5 stars when there was a problem the service was 0 05 stars. feels like talking to a robot application ux is uncomfortable poor customer service slow chat bot everything is not transparent and there are lots of hidden additional costs with unclear editorials don t easily believe what the website says because in the end the customer is the one who suffers beware who wants to order especially long term monthly yearly internet gas stove air conditioner all have problems when you complain customer service doesn t immediately solve the problem but looks for your mistakes better look for another provider it s not worth it. customer service response was very slow electricity and water bills did not match what was billed by building management direct deductions from the deposit without prior notification no need to say sorry because it s useless. this is the first time in my life that i have experienced bad service from a sleepover application i ordered 2 days ago checking in was late the process was very difficult i had to explain it to different customer service 6 times customer service is also difficult to contact only via chat in the application so it s really difficult to contact them there was information from 7 o clock to pick up at 9 30 i updated it even 30 minutes before arriving but in the end i had to wait in the lobby first and last experience using this application. be very careful guys if you order via this application all errors will be passed onto the consumer they also don t want to include reviews on their application for consumers who have used their services. not recommended nothing was wrong the air conditioner when check in was not cold complaints there was no response and no action until 2 weeks to take action if you were not angry there was no responsibility from travelio continue dh gt forced to pay service fees even though there is still a warranty if there is a problem air conditioner service blg pipe is damaged have to replace pipe then freon leaks but cm s action is to fill freon door lock is always a problem travelio hub is difficult fund deposit of dr 4 5 million is only refunded 4 million and many more. bad service terrible experience with travelio customer service is not helpful and unprofessional and the deposit refund is confusing its like they re on purpose to make it complicated for the deposit refund. terrible ux. 1 c in time is 3 30 4 00 2 c out time must be before 12 00 and during that time i was spammed via email chat etc even though i already know that c out is before 12 so i ended up at 10 o clock c out due to ksl 3 very slow response when called via chat in the application 4 every time you want to c in the deposit payment must be 200k and the return is within 5 working days when the customer service called me i informed them that the deposit would be returned after c out but when i asked i actually laughed and had to wait 5 days that s really crazy and unclean. worst experience in renting a place on the day of check in the staff was very difficult to contact finally got in at 6pm the condition of the room is not clean there is still a lot of rubbish sink is stuck call a technician in fact water sprayed everywhere including the bed cannot replace unit please sleep on a wet bed checking out was easy but the deposit had not been returned for almost 3 months highly not recommended feels like you ve been cheated. worst livechat experience ever. having very bad experience with travelio staff during unit handover. the issue when checking in so many issues coordination in the apartment really dissapointed for using this application for booking customer care support not solved immediately already multiple chat but not solved yet already spent money more 10 mio but no service quality i got. i have bad experience using the service the unit is not good and they re not responsive not recommended. checking in is difficult waiting it seems difficult to be on time checking the completeness of the unit the answer is normative the air conditioner is broken many units are damaged and don t match the application. it s really slow it s lagging it s taking a long time to open the rental unit information. asked the chat host 3 times and repeated the same question doesn t help at all. travelio asks for data such as nik full name and date of birth but i couldn t find a data protection privacy policy for users i can t even delete my account so is there a guarantee that my email data and cellphone number will not be traded by travelio to third parties the answer is none typical people here don t care about data privacy. booking is easy but the after sales service is really bad for the service cleaning appointment at 9 am it s only done at 5 pm i ve been complaining to customer service every hour but haven t gotten an answer always given a template answer like a robot if there is a shortage of staff we should be informed so that we don t have to wait all day wasting all day just waiting for the cleaning staff sucks. really bad experience using this application the staff didn t come on time to check in need to wait 2 hours untill the staff came im not recommended using travelio at all. refund process so bad and booking already paid automatic cancellation without refund process clear. do not use this company once they have your money they will stop providing any service several pieces of furniture were broken when i moved in despite reporting this immediately and following up constantly 2 months later nothing has been fixed they always respond we are checking and then don t do anything further the building entry was changed but travelio refuses to give me the new code it s been 3 days and i can t even enter the building i ll have to consider legal action. i rented the apartment for 1 month 4 days later the air conditioner broke travelio refers to the rental contract that 2 days after renting the renter is responsible for any damage to the unit my question is can the renter check the problematic air conditioner could it be that the air conditioner has never been serviced complaining about air conditioner repairs has been going on for days and is only being responded to by an answering robot. very unprofessional bad service. before i ordered i asked the owner via travelio about additional fees permission to install curtains etc but after i transferred the rent of 7 4 million for 4 months the unit was empty and included a discount suddenly the owner asked for an additional fee of 4 5 million which was the nominal deposit at that time it s very clear that this is the owner s intention to deceive how come the price from 2 million per month increased by 1 1 million to 3 1 million per month even though with that nominal amount you can rent it fully furnished. expectations vs reality the picture is eyecatching i wanted to do a survey first before staying but i couldn t i said the room was exactly like the one in the 360 degree photo expect a clean room so you can stay straight away once you come thank god my team checked in at 10 at night until they didn t sleep because they had to clean the unit the floor was really dirty as if it hadn t been swept or mopped the refrigerator was moldy the sink was rusty engineering responded quickly my turn to ask for re cleaning had already been scheduled so there was no confirmation and the staff didn t show up if it s clean from the start it s not a problem 500 gbs voucher can also be used. trash not professional at all. travelio has the heart to be genuine i planned to extend for today 10 september 22 but it turned out that when i paid for the extension date on the available application it was the 12th and i had already paid then i confirmed it with the call center to ask for help with a refund or i would be diverted went to another unit on the 10th but in reality there was no solution the money was not refunded the other unit was not given actually not very friendly just want to take the money thanks i hope you are blessed. such a bad experience i tried to schedule a meeting to show unit 2 weeks before but i have no confirmed details about the show unit 3 weeks after set schedule the staff contact by whatsapp but didn t understand about the product knowledge super slow response. 1 customer service chat service is slow to respond less able to provide appropriate solutions according to customer needs 2 customers often have to make repeated requests complaints so that they are responded to and given appropriate problem resolution 3 delivery of water electricity bills to tenants always takes a very long time from the 5th 4 deposit refunds take a very long time namely 60 working days after checkout the deposit refund provisions need to be improved because they are coercive and detrimental to customers. bad service just saying they will follow up but in reality there is no implementation at all wait more than 1 week customer service doesn t really carry out the implementation at all don t use this application. very bad didn t provide towels then accused me of taking towels deposit is not returned not clean careless bad service highly not recommended. very disappointing the air conditioner was broken and took a long time to handle it the room is unlivable. edit apart from the bad ux there are many discrepancies between the facilities in the application and the reality so i ll just give it one star. bad apartment full off cocroach. come on let s improve the soup and work flow don t give up don t be complacent make an appointment at 2 pm wait until 1 hour before it arrives just to check in it s better to arrive first if the unit isn t ready at least you can enter the unit. disappointing travelio requested relocation but did not immediately prepare a replacement with the same facilities and just told me i had to be relocated on the day i checked in money that has already been paid cannot be refunded. do not use i bet soon this application startup will go out of business really not trustworthy tends to fraud customer service service after transactions is really bad just lip service to spy on calm customers stall for time indeed there is no intention of providing solutions to serve customers i rented it for 1 month only used it for 1 week then i just left it like that eat my money it s not your blessing i swear my worst experience was renting an apartment if you don t believe it just try it yourself you ll definitely get angry. one of the worst booking sites this site is a group of scammers liars thieves i do not recommend booking in it it was a very bad experience from the beginning waiting for the employee to log out they tell you that there is no employee now and they do not receive the key from you and withdraw the deposit from you in any case the deposit does not return be careful do not book on this site. it s a hassle to update the application every day. bad service if something is left behind and not serviced ignore it admit it now. very unsatisfactory really bad service cleaning mediterranean unit gajah mada tower betha 26 27 cannot cancel booking unit full of cockroaches tifolia unit 1807 compensation only 150 rbu voucher for next booking until this second i haven t posted my unit because it has not been finished it s only 150 rbu for my time if i could give you a minus star i d give it. it s true what people say it s not worth it better to use airbnb there is no explanation regarding the deposit period. it s really complicated i don t even want to chat with the ad owner it s not like the other application allows it. completely rubbish service worse than street food vendors if i could give minus 5 stars i would do so. the cleaning staff had to say just cleaned it the terms of the deposit return agreement are too long for debit namely 60 days clients must be careful about the unit when checking in and it must be documented because there is a lot of hidden damage and can be charged unilaterally by the travelio team the live chat service is very complicated and there must always be repetition of chats from previous history which must be explained by the client may not use this application for next travel. be careful this company cheats a lot i was cheated when renting an apartment it turned out that i had to deposit a security deposit that was bigger than the rent and even then i rented for a month the deposit was returned within 2 x 60 days outside of the existing discussion the application really traps customers be careful it is one sided and cannot be cancelled i asked to cancel but the rent cannot be refunded after checking it is also illegal and does not cooperate with the management. wow the worst rental application i entered my apartment here after entering it live on the application for 8 months i don t know what they do the time keeps stretching out checking is also very serious dusty dirty very unprofessional i really regret using this application it s been handled live by ms alya i also don t understand anything appointment to see the unit for yourself it s hard to ask for forgiveness cancel no notification the reviews here are all bad but on instagram all the reviews are good. it turns out that if you stay one day you won t feel the relaxation this is the first time renting for a month when i asked about the deposit the answer was immediate it took 60 working days who wouldn t be surprised to be answered like that without any other explanation whereas in the ad it says 7 14 days in other places 60 days who doesn t feel cheated their customer service is very bad again to their customers at service lol not even say sorry for their missed information to us not even say sorry for the broken facilities for everything lah. the service took a very long time there was no coordination between the field staff and the customer service at all there was no maintenance on the equipment inside the unit which made the tenants feel disadvantaged ex the air conditioner was damaged and was not checked let alone repaired which caused the electricity bill to soar. why does the price always change increasing each time we want to make a deal. never trust this agent they have no sense of responsibility they gave me broken unit and even made me wait for them to fix it while i already checked in sorry time is money i didn t pay to watch these people repair the stuff. fraudulent application i rented and paid in full waited 5 days no confirmation every day i spammed then on the 5th day suddenly i was asked for an additional fee i asked for a refund and there hasn t been a reply. very bad service from travelio unprofessional and disappointing not recommended. do not use travelio a detrimental experience i had as a renter 1 the rental unit has a lot of damage there is damage to the water heater and air conditioner in the unit i live in 2 the room boy asks to fill in the unit review during the check in process then the review cannot be edited or deleted 3 if you want to check out the rent that has been paid and the deposit will not be refunded 4 even if the tenant has the right to refund the rent the process is very long. customer service is not clear. booking a unit is quite easy but what is very unfortunate is that the check in customer service process is long complicated the customer service chat feature in the application takes a long time is not user friendly customer service wa is also ineffective the worst experience was when you ordered a unit and paid for the internet one hour before check in we had to be moved to another apartment information is sudden response takes a long time in the new apartment the service is very bad there is no wifi even though i have paid for internet i ve chatted customer service several times to help but it hasn t been resolved. communication between field teams is poor if there is a change in checkin time there is no communication to other room boys. feeling disappointed with this application firstly because when checking in the officer didn t really check the existing inventory why don t i have a refrigerator to check why ask for 5 stars again then there was damage to the facilities and their side was very slow in following up overall i m ok with the application but disappointed with the service. wow i gave up on using travelio the handling was very slow the staff didn t check the room one air conditioner was dead the other one wasn t cold told to wait until tomorrow even though i wanted to sleep comfortably don t ever use travelio very bad very regret using travelio bad. i have traveled far from home i can t check in without the agent if travelio can t help with the check in then this is a scam. bad application cannot refund even if affected by covid customer service is not friendly. customer service is not helpful answers are like robots and do not provide solutions i wanted to see the unit that i had booked for the purpose of measuring the unit for entering goods when i wanted to see it the whatsapp chat answer was we still can t do it in the near future bro because your schedule is quite busy bro hopefully the excellent management will give you a promotion to his team because of his busy schedule great. this application costs a lot andand and the roomboy service likes to wait for you to check in and clean the room and the customer service is not friendly and the application for chatting is strange and likes not connecting when chatting. quite a lot of procedures. disappointing there is no solution to complaints the management is not clear there is no problem resolution. the customer service is really bad if you ask anything the answer will be checked first but you won t be told until we ask again when asked again the customer service asked again from the start what could be helped then finally checked the answer again just keep going like that and be careful about electricity costs i ve rented for almost a year normal usage is 750k month when the costs suddenly increased to 1 350 travelio had no photo evidence of the beginning and end of the electricity meter even though my usage was as usual. bad service long response to complaints very very detrimental to consumers. the rotating application makes it complicated the customer service is slow to respond the lazy room boy is very unresponsive for irrational reasons there is a cleaning fee payment but it is not cleaned at all the apartment is not well maintained it s better to use the blue travel. terrible service unstable application fake reviews reviews shown are for check in staff not for property very hard to complain. totally unprofessional and very bad experience went to the booked apartment and paid the guy can t update the card so now its almost 3 days pass access card also not activated and refund also not given don t try this vv bad and irresistible service. the system is complicated old deposit returned. bad experience the reply to the chat took a very long time you can t show the unit if you rent it for 3 months you can only show it for 6 months suddenly the chat said complete even though i was still chatting very unfriendly. first time and will be the last time to use this application very slow responding customer service not helpful and there are some added fees you don t get informed on suddenly charged on your credit card i won t recommend this to anyone. sorry but i have to be honest deposit repayment takes too long and too hard i ve checked out in the beginning of june and it s already end of july but i don t get my refund yet the reason is always that building management doesn t send them yet but the bm already sent the invoice to me right after i checked out it s been a week passed the deadline they gave tho i had to follow up more and more but still no progress yet please make deposit repayment as easy as you take from us. the unit that i entrusted to travelio for rent was falling apart paintings were missing the mirror was broken the parquet floor was damaged the renter s electricity and water bills had to be paid by the owner first and only paid 2 3 months later the rental price actually fell even more and was even paid in monthly installments the owner was very if you suffer a loss while there is a little damage the owner will immediately be charged it s no use paying 60 thousand per month for insurance in essence travelio doesn t want to cover any costs at all get ready to use travelio. the room boy arrived late more than 20 minutes and there was no notification of estimated arrival so waiting was uncertain then i was asked to give a rating for the room boy via the travelio application in front of the room boy and waited for him to even take a photo for the reason of making a report customers like me are very uncomfortable giving honest ratings if they are waiting like that there was no apology and it was like forced giving a rating for the room boy bad system. the worst application i have on my phone bad service too from the personnel 15 00 wib is the earliest check in time wth really not recommended. it s complicated the application is slow. wanted to order an apartment unit for a year but the response took a very long time to ask for a show unit instead i was told to order straight away show the unit later eh yes i might take an apartment for a year without seeing the unit first it is thought that customers are easily fooled disappointing not recommended. please travelio is very unprofessional i was billed for damage to the freezer lid which was already damaged and the engineer from travelio had tried to replace it but it couldn t be replaced however the engineer suggested that it stay like that as long as it could be closed i have taken photos of the condition of the broken freezer before 24 hours after ci and it should be travelio s responsibility to replace it with a new one somehow. don t use these application everything will be harmed by owners and tenants the price does not match the unit the unit was destroyed asking for money from the renter and unit owner crazy. bad application can t directly contact chat with the owner many warnings appear in the application such as suggestions to change the contract period. very very bad. asked about parking subscriptions long before i checked in then i was told they would help but after 2 weeks when i was in the apartment travelio still couldn t complete the requirements required by building management poor coordination not to mention the fact that when i checked in i had to wait a long time because the staff was serving other customers even though i had also filled in the check in schedule two days in advance ok it s solved. customer service took a long time to reply and asked me repeatedly i was strange before replying i didn t read until i repeated 3 times how long i wanted to rent please fix the customer service whether it s red or not. survey unit can only be done for 1 year rent i booked for 3 months when i saw the place by myself the stairs were very inclining and low safety i requested to cancel for safety reasons well being a robotic they are the confirmed booking is unrefundable and can t be cancelled so at least for 1 month rent can be surveyed because spending 3 months in a place like this is totally hell very not worth it. really had a bad experience with them 1 the customer service is difficult to contact it s your turn to complain here and there like a pimpong ball 2 don t take internet and cleaning facilities wasting ur money 3 the pictures don t match reality lots of them are damaged when they complained they just said sorry 4 there s no accountability the customer service likes to twist issues back and forth 5 i regret using them apart from running out of money i have high blood pressure they re not professional 6 let allah answer all their actions. bad one of the applications that is really complicated if you want to check in complicated customer service bureaucracy it s better to book a hotel than an apartment here complicated. bad customer service system filing claims not professional in handling customers by checking and checking unit readiness the unit is not ready with broken facilities handling solutions takes a long time and is difficult my application for an internet refund has not been paid for 2 weeks even though travelio made an error in not checking the unit i rented the internet bill was not paid previously causing the internet to be disconnected but the internet fee could be charged to another customer. update i said i couldn t find a booking but since i gave it one star i immediately replied but it s the same as empty promises the technician comes without any tools there s no light bulb he just leaves taking photos it s been a week without an update i hope you go bankrupt the apartment is dirty the air conditioner doesn t work all moss many lights are off no reply to chat the cleaning service comes with tools for cleaning it s ugly i won t use it again. travelio really disappoints in customer service apart from being slow to respond he answered with a bot that doesn t solve the problem either i ordered the unit then paid however after paying posting proof of transfer within the specified duration the bid not be confirmed notification always appears i then verified it with the contact center either call center bot the results were almost nil there is no follow up please return my money if you can t solve it i also paid extra for my relocation when i checked in there was no one there for 1 hour. bad customer service not really helpful they will only give 2 access even though you booked 2 or 3 bedrooms apartment with family they don t even want to discuss it really regret that i have already booked it now one day when i stayed in a studio they asked me to move because the owner broke the contract even worse they asked you to pay another deposit doesn t make sense at all. if i could give a minus i would give it 10 from the start the wait for room boy was 1 5 hours the apartment had lots of cockroaches dust phlegm slow internet non cable small tv with an analog antenna full of ants guaranteed return arrived now it hasn t been returned even though it has been twice the promised time with the reason being processing. bad service no checking of unit readiness and anticipating the unit being used while renting happened to me yes the lights went out 1 hour maybe 2 hours the internet was down and couldn t be used even though i had already paid for it is there any compensation of course not it s better to use airbnb directly with the owner agent you can wa directly this uses the chat in the application it doesn t take 15 minutes to answer well it s disappointing. ask for a 5 star review at the beginning of check in but after checking in the service is bad. didn t respect the customer s time the room boy couldn t be contacted i waited 1 5 hours in the lobby with no news. the apartment is very dirty lots of spider webs stinks without internet i booked for more than a month before and you can t cancel change the unit i see many positive reviews in the application about the unit but that s all fake because my own review doesn t show up there even after a month probably the same as positive reviews in google play there are also many complaints in social media even from property owners that say their apartment is not cleaned fee not paid by travelio etc stay away. better a conventional property agent the ui is confusing the search feature doesn t work well the application needs a lot of improvements. very bad application i ordered paid the rental on the application after that there was no response no response how do you go in if there s no room information. twice they canceled showings at the last minute after confirming earlier in the day and after i had taken time off work and traveled to the agreed location if this is the level of service for just viewing an apartment i can t imagine how bad it would have to be to deal with them for real issues. do not expect deposit back sometimes at checkout you are charged for damaged goods that were already damaged before if you don t have the mental strength to debate over the telephone just look for a rental directly from the owner. there are many things that need to be repaired including making sure the equipment in the unit functions properly for example the stove is there but can t be used the balcony lights are all off apart from that the staff keeps calling asking for reviews or problems but the problem doesn t resolve and the deposit money doesn t work returned the reason the tv remote was lost i said the remote was under the drawer he said i checked but it wasn t there i asked for a video call to show me the remote but until now there s been no follow up i will uninstall thanks. my profile was edited by itself and i can t edit it again which resulted in me not being able to book a unit. bad service policies can be different from the building i just asked to add 1 access card but it didn t work in case the building said it could even the power of attorney format can be wrong in fact i ve rented for another year even if i want to enter the house i have to bother other people travelio sucks. kindly train all your customer s service attitude teach them how to say apology words properly especially on the phone don t run off from customers issue by hanging up the phone while the customer is struggling to fix the issue by themselves teach them this basic manner please. i m really angry it s unprofessional that the apartment wasn t cleaned but ask for a 5 star review at the beginning please mr rahmat check it first before the renter and the money come in money entered cannot be returned dirty rooms for rent clean it first before guests come in ask to check in from the morning guests come in at night like this. 1 not clear 2 slow response 3 what are you up to sir henry. this is an application for fraud so renters who have already booked and deposited a deposit are ready to be cut off at will by travelio even though the unit is really bad the unit is not suitable for use at all it is not recommended that it is better to rent from an individual the price is the same but the service and convenience can be discussed one more thing customer service and its management team are like people who lack education and are not worthy at all. photos do not match reality and it s better to review the operational person who handles the mediterranean gajah mada apartments their work is a bit slow the building management organization for the mediterranean gajah mada apartments the information is that the person never came there it is always the customer who directs building management if the application is ok but the resources are not ok then everything will be not ok very disappointed with your service travelio. 2x booked via travelio 2x disappointed unprofessional i had to wait for the key for hours. apartments in jakarta must use air conditioner reporting any damaged objects problems after 2x24 hours will be subject to a charge advice for other customers regarding air conditioner in the first 48 hours immediately say problems so that personal costs don t increase. application with the worst service ever travelio did not resolve any problematic issues in apartment unit menteng park 21s i suggest you never rent that unit which i stayed starting from leaking air conditioner no confirmation of parking member lamp that didn t work hiding under contract more like a scam so travelio don t have to do any of the maintenance and the tenant must because they have no option i suggest people to download other applications that are more worth it. no wa customer service is difficult to respond too bot live chat is the same too after the transfer the unit was not available and they were directed to order another more expensive unit. coordination between central ktr and field staff is very bad since i arrived at the apartment location it has been 1 hour from pkl 18 04 now pkl 19 04 i was still waiting in the apartment hallway couldn t get into the unit highly not recommended. just made a booking but already feel that the customer service response is very very slow via telephone always busy via wa and live chat the response is slow and the bot s answers keep changing back and forth i have transferred but the status is still pending even though the transfer is to a virtual account which should be automatically verified hopefully things will go smoothly in the future because i m worried that many people will complain about travelio s services from daily service to deposit refunds. very disappointed service. the photo of the unit doesn t match the reality the service and complaint handling are terrible bad not recommended at all. be careful staying with this application if you extend via the application you pay for room cleaning hahahaha hidden costs be careful if it s just 1 night it s ok. the application is complicated the facilities are not checked before checking in the internet is down the washing machine is broken the equipment list is different between the list and the reality. travelio application it s seems to be hacked it s weird how come travelio staff keep asking me my payment screen shot that i already sent it a few weeks ago it s weird how come travelio staff cannot access the database. do not book a hotel from this application very bad service and management checkin time not flexible we wait more than 30minutes customer service also wait for 30minutes checkin process also complicated very very bad not recommend. very bad even wanting to check in is difficult could not be contacted chat takes a long time to reply if you re in a hurry it s not recommended even if you want to receive the key there s no end to the drama it s not clear bad experience. customer support is very uncooperative with the unit owner complicated and inflexible confusing application. be careful if the monthly order is related to deposits i will be subject to a mandatory deposit outside of the rent it s still okay fair what is clear is that the nominal deposit is in the millions checkout may 14 2022 the billing statement says it will come out june 5 2022 at the latest june 20 2022 you can refund the deposit that s the promise but now june 23 2022 the deposit still hasn t been refunded it s clear there s an overdue but they always answer while the billing team follows up as if they were professionals but in fact they are amateurs. not exactly satisfied with the service the room was dirty i had to do massive cleaning the aircond was leaking and the best part they asked the guest to repair it since it was reported outside 48 hours it is the owner s responsibility by maintaining all the electronic equipment to make the guests comfortable staying at their place this is the first and the last airbnb is better. very very slow response from the customer service how can i rent it. service is very long and complicated i was supposed to check in june 19 but was only given the unit on june 20 really touched by travelio. 100 very very bad experience i will not be dealing with this application again thank you. keep up the spirit to improving again so that loading and response is faster simpler and user friendly. can t select location search bar error. the room was dirty even though i had paid the cleaning fee so i had to mop it myself full of dust the air conditioner wasn t cold with a daily rent of idr 400 thousand per day it s better to just rent a hotel get breakfast again free room cleaning every day free parking not worth it that s according to me. the title is travel travelio on airbnb accidentally used airbnb but it s a trap betmen you found traveloka after paying too airbnb must be immediately warned that php is not going to end not professional in solving problems 5 star poor pret. used travelio twice the unit had no problems only the checkin staff was less than professional on time i needed to wait almost 2 hours to check in i didn t mind that currently ordering another unit but because of covid i don t necessarily plan to refund because i m afraid the unit won t be occupied i just realized there is no refund policy at travelio this is certainly detrimental to customers if you reschedule you will be charged a fee if you check out late you will be charged a fee not recommended better book via another application. this unit doesn t have water heater and wifi they should provide it because it s not cheap and all utilities sofa are very standard and it s looks like low budget and old thank you. the check in process was complicated the officer would come to help but waiting for up to 40 minutes was uncertain. travelio not recommended application for travelers or staycationers i recommend not using the travelio application save deposit 1x the rental price doesn t make sense returning the save deposit is also long winded when you enter you will be notified of the refund 7 days after checking out but in keep holding on with the excuse of waiting for the water bill to come out which in reality you can ask the management body but it takes days the water bill doesn t reach 100 0 but it s 3 0 0 30x as much. sucks services the booking was canceled on the same day. please fix 1 slow response 2 very dirty unit with lots of cockroaches 3 bed sheets and pillows smell musty 4 drain overflows 5 access card cannot be used 6 water heater does not work. very complicated to check in i don t want to use this application anymore. honestly i rarely give ratings reviews let alone giving bad rates reviews like this but this is annoying there are advertisements but when you install it the application is difficult to open the ui ux model is not eye friendly it s very difficult to search for the application let alone setting the filters. book a 3 night apartment wifi doesn t work info is repaired after checking out slow response given up on using travelio the facilities do not match the description. be careful with this application it s a scammer i rent a daily apartment in the mediterranean gajah mada i want to check out it s difficult but i have to access it while i work in waiting no one wants to come and get the key it s stupid i come from the house to deliver the key the fee is 120 thousand and my deposit is 200 thousand it s not there the return is really bad travelio can t help instead it supports the apartment owner and asks them to pay don t download this application don t download it don t let it go. if i could rate minus i would the worst experience ever the service is slow incapable and unprofessional the system sucked the lock didn t work and we needed to wait a whole day for the technician to come but when he came the problem wasn t solved either and they asked to restart the procedure by using their application the room is dirty the bed linen has a stain since the very beginning and when we complained they asked for money imagine the toilet was also smelly the light was broken suck. i can only say it s serious be careful guys your dp will disappear for their reasons. service is not good deposit payment was requested immediately but deposit return took almost 1 month the standardization of room cleaning is not the same sometimes there is sweeping and mopping even just changing the bed sheets. be aware all fake reviews the service cleanliness of the units is terrible they use outsourced children who don t understand hospitality hygiene i once rented an apartment without putting up pillowcases the floor still had peanuts scattered around. last night 5 29 2022 i checked in at breeze bintaro unit 20 25 1 no access to parking where i asked before booking it is recommended to park at the mall at your own expense 2 the unit is dirty and dusty the carpet smells and the sofa is moldy 3 the lights are off at 2 points 4 the air conditioner ceiling is leaking 5 many items in the apartment are lacking or even non existent unlike travelio s list it s really bad. waiting time sla on their call services is bad even with 5 mins it s rarely get pick up i got problems during check in and forced to wait for 1 hour at the receptionist bad experience customers on check in day should be prioritized room cleanliness between bad average at most it looks clean on main items but mine is dirty at certain places napkins for table are stained carpet is dusty drainage for balcony is muddy kitchen utensils still have stains from previous owner fyi i book 3 mths. slow application slow service troublesome procedures not very user friendly had to use it because of an order from another application you have to check more carefully when making an order. slow response for those renting outside jakarta there has been no resolution for the damage report for more than 1 week. bad service not professional slow response if you don t remind them the deposit won t be returned don t ever use this application again guys you are being warned. bad service check in took a long time the travel staff didn t take care of it. the refund process is very long continuous and no clarity the point is never order from travelio because the refund process takes a long time and the customer service is also unclear. fake photo the real unit is so dirty even tho i paid for cleaning service before i checked in bugs everywhere air conditioner dripping the second day i checked in and the electricity suddenly stops working balcony is so dirty and full of dirt and dust. in terms of how easy it is for millennial children to find an apartment it s indeed appropriate but when i was in the unit and there was a problem the customer service didn t help at all always looking for excuses and just telling me to wait yes just get ready to solve problems with bm or others yourself tip don t add any extra services when booking because if there is a problem you will have to take care of it yourself travelio doesn t take care of it even if you are entitled to a service and have already paid for it. super duper bad experience really bad service from customer service and staff for the unit 1 they were late 2 hours for check in we were waiting so long in the lobby 2 they didn t give the parking access card staff said will give next day but 1 month i stayed until check out they didn t give me 3 for wifi i need to complain more than 10 times everyday i chat to customer service but super slow response and they fixed it after i stayed for more than 2 weeks 4 last only for payback my deposit don t joke with me. stupid application. the deposit has not been returned until now the live chat takes a long time to reply so often the information doesn t help. make a system that doesn t work travelitot i ve noted from the start that if the air conditioner has a problem it s better to fix it it s still hot after all i ve been told to wait 1 day for service there s no morals the customer has been told to sleep apart without air conditioner it s a bit of a mess. application is not user friendly customer service service is very slow and bad the existing tandcustomer service also don t make sense the unit to be rented out was not checked first by the room boy so the cost of damage mattress infested with mites must be borne by the renter. i m just asking does the customer service get worth the salary with travelio i m already annoyed with prima because i want to rent for 1 month i just want to see the unit can t be installed so i can rent for 6 months bro customer service always says cannot in all requests at the beginning i complained that the air conditioner wasn t cold on saturday they said it would be repaired on tuesday because it was a holiday even though they have an application for holidays if when people are on holiday they don t have a technician what if it s only 1 2 days just zone out customer service habits while complaining about the air conditioner always said okay we ll update again okay then got ghosted didn t reply anymore. not flexible at all but the slogan says flexible. never use this application i rented an apartment for 12 months rent and maintenance fees are paid upfront water bill is always paid monthly 6 months after staying here the apartment management suddenly sent a letter saying they are about to block my access card and water in 4 days because the unit i rented has not paid maintenance and water bill for half a year i contacted the customer service everyday in these 4 days and they always gave me the same answer like we are checking on it really unprofessional. really disappointed with the service the apartment was really dirty its awful it just like a few months was not occupied just realized that they didn t clean the apartment after signing the contract and giving a review because the staff asked directly a review at that time took whole night to clean the room because it is not refundable just really p off the one that i book it s not cheap thought 1 br type. if you ve never rented a unit using travelio i suggest don t in my experience and i will not repeat it again renting an apartment unit via travelio means you run out of energy and money just to get very bad service be alert you have to use a cool brain and a heart as wide as the ocean if you complain to customer service via telephone via wa let alone using live chat. want to rent a private apartment via travelio but they say they often get scammed is that really so is it trustworthy. i have rented over 6 months the system was wrong until you had to be kicked out of one apartment unit and was forced to move to another unit only due to the negligence of the customer service with no response very bad and slow service very dirty rooms only the excellent part is cleaned very complicated process i do not recommend using travelio better use airbnb or others this is the worst services ever and plus either website and the application are not user friendly at all. got a moldy unit fragile sink moldy door unhealthy air my child and i were coughing itchy short of breath but still not given a move to the unit told to live side by side with mold and unhealthy air i don t recommend using travelio guys. very bad service. very hard to do the live chat the customer service is also very hard to catch via whatsapp and telephone application is not user friendly basically not quite satisfied with the service and application. if i may suggest please read carefully the review s before installing the application. customer service unresponsive and application full of bugs. bad service from the application ordering is not easy lots of fees here and there poor application flow in terms of experience and checking in is not easy it makes you confused because you don t communicate directly with the staff in the unit but with the application which really doesn t help at all. the worst way to rent an apartment they gave me blood stained linen separate cost and the whole process is needlessly complicated a predatory company that must be avoided at all costs. the check in process was very difficult wifi was dead and complained to customer service but only asked for a photo of the router and told to keep trying without improvement bad customer service. lots of problems when checking in the air conditioner was broken and repaired the next day meanwhile i work from morning till night so the air conditioner cannot be repaired why don t you check first before the customer enters i asked for it to be repaired in the morning or evening customer service only said it couldn t be done outside of working hours there is no compensation either the service is very bad. the check in process was confusing i had to wait 2 hours before i could enter after entering the tv remote was not there complaining to customer service was only told to wait up to 2 days no follow up prices at travelio are cheap but quality is 0. management is really bad unprofessional customer service only escalates without any solution at all not recommended. your service sucks i had trouble checking in with no estimation on when i could enter the unit when complaining to the customer service they only said to escalate this with no solution i had to wait hours to get in. the service was unsatisfactory or bad the unit owner me and the travelio management had absolutely no coordination the items in my unit were lost or not taken anywhere the electricity was turned on until the tokens ran out basically it was bad think again before joining don t be like me. bad services cust neglected irresponsible alow. there was no contact for room boy so after checking in we didn t know who to contact from 13 00 i waited until 14 19 no room boy came very bad application. had to contact the customer service several times just to get my deposit back when i did self check out none of the people charged to make sure all the things at the unit were completed before i left and after that they re asking me about the missing spoon really. confirmed check in at 3 br apartment in jakarta on 18 00 one day prior on 17 30 of check in date travelio customer service called to inform the unit was not available and asked to reschedule my stay 30 minutes before check in time and left us stranded in jakarta for hours before finally offered alternative arrangement at 10 pm after hours of negotiations with the customer service this is by far the worst experience i had with any hospitality management company bottom line travelio is the worst. we paid 2 weeks in advance for renting an apartment but when we arrived the internet was not even ready it takes more than 3 days to fix the issue the application also makes it difficult to raise a complaint everything is directed to the customer service and no prompt solution is provided. old unit dust and musty smell just to check in you have to wait 30 minutes without clarity customer service can t be called wa application chats are answered using templates when i entered the unit it turned out that the bed sheets had not been changed finally i waited another 30 minutes and it turned out there was no wifi i waited again for the staff to take them to the office this is an application to test patience. bad experience with travelio difficult to check in slow response from the staff no coordination from the wa officer and the other officer the facility description does not match the reality staff on site is not helpful and does not understand the facilities being offered suggest to choose hotel for our convenience. worst customer care ever just take my advice and don t ever use this application they don t care about you complaining they have live chat but it is useless because the customer care won t even reply at your chat i have a lot of problems with the apartment that i rent such as the water is brown the internet is down the bed sheet is dirty but they didn t care at all i called them several times but they told me to use the live chat service. talking to customer service feels like talking to a wall not a solution not responsive different people too so they are asked the same questions several times without solving the problem oh yeah take deposits the complexity is incomparable worst application ever it s true what people say not recommended. so sorry i will never use this application ever again. the terms are not flexible and customer service doesn t try to help customers at all. after using it for 3 months it was discovered that the application and management system was broken regular monthly payments include electricity and water but electricity and water are cut off because they are not paid to the manager no unit price increase has been implemented without notification not an application that is recommended brothers. this application is very difficult slow check out slow handling slow operations the handling was polite but slow the electricity money was paid in the system but i wasn t informed and couldn t get it back because the customer service was rambling and just said it shouldn t have been paid directly to the apartment wtf that s it the actual bill the system are different i ve used this service more than 5 times but this is the worst. communication with travelio is bad check in procedures are not transparent communication tends to be one way i left my belongings in the apartment i rented but i couldn t take them because i contacted the travelio officer and they didn t respond very disappointing i ve given up on using travelio. bad vote or chat with customer service ud kyk communes with the wall many times g ad responses it s been 2 months and there s never a decision while billing customers are like class criminals chased by tros the utilities are paid on the 5th of every month but then they will be paid on the 20th kdg a month bs billed 2x pdhl the numbers for the apartments don t exist and only use their numbers pdhl we need a comparison if you pay at 20 sp dictions you will be threatened to have your electricity and water turn off. 1 bad ui ux in the application sometimes the application reloads randomly it is not easy to access the chat with admin 2 bad customer service the chat customer service is not supportive not answering questions and not accountable we can t see their names and no option to raise complaint talking to them is exhaustive and does not help to solve the issues 3 bad unit condition the room overall is pretty clean but the drawers and cupboards are messy with dust and hair everywhere 4 not transparent information related to billing service and others are not easily accessible 5 bad electrical configuration and communication they didn t tell me the max capacity of the electricity and don t protect electrical appliances from power surges just three days after i moved in the tv got damaged because of a power surge and i m the one who ll be responsible for covering the costs in short don t use travelio better just come directly to the apartment building and ask the tenant relations. bad customer service customer service informed that they would send extend contract and they didn t we even already excellent up electricity tokens resulted in getting forced checkout due to other people book a year and no refund electricity tokens. the photo of the room doesn t match the original when i complained all the customer service didn t answer the phone even though they were online very disappointed. the deposit is not clear about the return information is a maximum of 7 working days after waiting there is no explanation if it has not been transferred i have complained in the application chat from 12 noon to midnight no definite answer just asked to wait and promised escalation to the relevant department. improvement suggestions 1 for rentals over 3 months expect air conditioner maintenance every 3 months now it is only guaranteed 2x24 hours and it is a personal burden if it is washed filled with freon it s best to wash the air conditioner fill with freon every 3 months 2 for daily rentals please also be provided with parking access because regular fees are expensive calculated per hour thanks. bad the hot water in the unit doesn t work and i reported it on saturday until sunday afternoon no technician came when customer service followed up the reason was that sundays were only available until 12 noon even though the problem had been complained about since saturday. customer service is very bad can t help when there is a problem my access card was lost it took 1 hour for the customer service to understand the loss throughout the chat they only talked about post charge money after 3 hours without travelio s help security finally helped am i the idiot and stupid or the customer service is super genius it almost makes me stroke and go crazy. the apartment unit is uncomfortable so messy the service is really bad not recommended. the application is good that s for now in 2022 i had an unpleasant experience i had problems with the unit with electricity wifi refund of old deposits complaints to customer service the answers were only normative and did not provide solutions to customers that s enough for now next time i won t use travelio thank you. the worst application the field staff never cleaned the unit used travelio twice and both units were never clean the staff admitted that they didn t clean it the worst customer service always a 150 0 voucher on offer not all of the employees can work worst service. customer service handling is very very bad does not provide solutions just asking about constraints many times. funds have already been entered and are on hold clarity as to whether or not the apartment can be rented for more than the existing time limit is still unclear temporarily used for the eid holiday should i wait for next year s eid is the system designed to harm prospective tenants please respond thank you. worst rental provider ever if i could give it 0 i would do it instantly would never use it again. units are great but customer service is sucks i hv to pay the mess they made and later being called to voluntarily removed the bed when i said i didn t want to pay and later still being charged been 2x locked outside by the electronics door my main lamp was off from the 1st day check in until 1 month later i checked out bad coordination between the customer service and the vendors too booked the bed vacuum at 4 the vendor confirmed to come at 10 as a result i was too lazy to trust the property to travelio. i got a warning from firefox monitor on april 8 2022 about my password and phone number in this application has been compromised. you have to confirm for yourself whether the unit is in arrears or not there are also arrears that the tenants have trouble confirming with the bm themselves not from them i slightly increased the rate to 2 because at least it s good the person who replied was not a bot but a human. super bad service checked in at 7pm booked for 2 months from the office roomboy asked to be replaced with 100 thousand tokens was given 150 thousand at 4 in the morning didn t use the air conditioner the electricity went out completely the token ran out so the token wasn t filled in call customer service in the afternoon because the officer wasn t there yet and couldn t fill it i transferred 100 thousand for help with filling i transferred it late at night and it was dark the electricity wasn t filled either really the application with the worst service now can t be contacted. not recommended very bad experience the process of returning the deposit is very long not guaranteed to be hygienic have to check again for the cleanliness of the unit especially the linen. nope nope nope and its a big no first and last time using travelio. give up using travelio shame on you slow response on customer service rent price equal to stars hotel but quality like low rated boarding house i think a boarding house is better no internet no water stupid i waste my time waiting for travelio team to respond finally i checked out early uninstall this application bye just go to sea you re bored. can t open the application. don t ever use this for renting apartment worst customer service ever my unit is broken different from the pictures posted it was also so strange how the unit has so many positive reviews the reviews are not dated anw i believe the reviews are fake they promised they would fix my unit but it s already a week i asked for relocation because i work from home but they just won t give it to me customer service response took days it just doesn t make sense how bad their service is is just don t use it you ll regret it. never download this application apartment results zonk bgt bgt bgt pdhal in good rating parah bgt i have never booked a zonk apart in my age nipu bgt genuine rating is good even though the apartment has a nest of thousands of cockroaches first and last after this lgsg uninstall those who read this will thank me later originali. it is strongly not recommended using the travelio application bad service convoluted check in is difficult chek out is difficult costomer service long response live chat long response whatapps long response dirty room doesn t like the picture anyway the service is very bad all things are made difficult by travelio very not recommended very very very disappointed. not user friendly very difficult to communicate through the application overall disappointed. the most unpleasant experience i ve ever had i got told that the room i rented was unavailable two hours before checking in no solution until last minutes the reason is all available rooms are in higher price at the end i paid for more to only get worst room the couches were not only dirty but had blood stain air conditioner is broken down and the room is so dirty the response for complaints is so slow never use this application anymore. be careful with travelio they are fraudsters who only want to take advantage of you. one hour check in process and my 200k deposit was not returned. very bad service everything worst. your application is kind of annoying please fix it the message yeaay your discount coupon has been applied blabla keeps popping up on the booking and payment screen every few seconds it s really annoying filling up booking and payment information takes hours. not user friendly so hard just to open chat or to request show unit really this application did a great job of making something that was supposed to be easy become hard. and it s been a month since my deposit has not been returned if you keep it in the bank it should be bearing interest regret it i clicked and tried travelio the date changes the date of the appointment the operator to the operator in the chat also answered that even though my rental includes ipl article i understand what i can t understand is that my rental fee includes ipl so there is no connection customer service answered that i am waiting for the ipl building bill i ve been waiting according to the schedule that has chat evidence in the application. bad customer service they were unhelpful and kept asking the same question again and again it s hard to talk to them every time and it s annoying how they can t even answer a simple yes no question. 1 month after stopping the rental the deposit has not been returned. customer service not helpful at all. have been using travelio for more than 1 year then without prior notification the next month s bookings were full for the next 2 years i have moved from the first unit but 2 weeks have passed the deposit has not been returned by travelio on the grounds that the last month s bill has not been issued even though the bill is always given at the beginning of the month now it is the middle of the month talking to customer service over and over again with no clarity. used without application. it s crazy the item wasn t there in the first place they said we got rid of it then you can say the sink is loose how do you get the sink to be loose do i sit like that lol no longer using travelio look for mistakes so you can get more right ha ha. it s too complicated and not profitable at all there are also broken kitchen utensils the water heater doesn t get hot either. try using travellio once to rent an apartment for 1 month response is very slow and complicated after full payment i was promised to hand over the keys at 11pm the travelio people were 30 minutes late i got an extraordinarily dirty room there are green onions in the outdoor air conditioner the dishwasher has crusty food residue the refrigerator is muddy the stove won t turn on the cupboard dust is thick for the price of 5 million and application like travellio my first experience was very disappointing give up on using travellio again. very very bad customer service the check in was 22 00 the room boy showed up at 23 00 with no apologies whatsoever do not rent with this application absolutely useless. i ve never written a good review suddenly i got an email notification that i gave a good review with words that i never wrote wow that s funny travelio. bad service using all sp letters to collect something even though there is still a deposit think carefully friends before choosing it turns out there are no good reviews from all tenants if you want to make money improve the service don t play cheating. the condition of the original apartment and the photo is very different from the appearance it is not clean the water toilet is yellow there are small insects on the day i wanted to check in the arrival time was confirmed several times i had confirmed that i would be 1 hour late from my initial check in time when i arrived at the apartment i still had to wait 45 minutes for travelio staff to come and carry out the check in process what s the point of confirming multiple times via wa if in the end the guest has to wait a long time. my review was deleted hahahah that s a fact hey travelio. try making an android so you can log in using a google account considering that recently there was a data leak it s better to make it so you can log in using a google account not just facebook and apple. the worst service ever existed 1 check in should be 14 30 waited at lobby more that 2 hours didn t show up for the keys 2 unit extremely dusty and dirty especially the bed and sofa like never been clean for years 3 air condition remote broken hard to switch on or off 4 balcony door broken cannot be locked 5 kitchen cabinet doors come off. why was my message deleted i got covid because i stayed in a unit that wasn t cleaned optimally there were cigarette butts dirty dishes all from taro the officer gave me 5 stars on my account application tsk tsk and the funny thing is there was no compensation for us very bad. fake photos and bad service not recommend first of all the application are not user friendly second in application photos and reviews in the application are so promising until you see it yourself the unit is so messy and uncomfortable unlike in the photo the customer service worst the check in person checks all the list without going through with me and they find that there s a miss match with the list they charge you even though the item was never there in the first place real bad experience. it s been 4 days since the air conditioner was broken and it took a long time to respond and provide a solution admin only followed up and later informed reported etc but we were left hanging for a long time really disappointed. beware of fake 5 stars reviews. the service is very bad don t have too high expectations if you want to use this application it s your turn to pay the bill until you get it yourself it s your turn to ask for the residents rights no one shows up. disappointing this customer service and the service initially booked 1 week of internet running smoothly the bellboy had a gas problem when he was called and he still came then extended for 3 days strange things arose i was forced to review the apartment before the time expired yes the review was good then the internet went down asked for clarity the answer was only to help update the section but there was no action must provide a solution not hanging this application has become the sop i regret the good review i ve given up on using this application. disappointed with travelio s services i rent annually find out the unit you are in is very dilapidated and uninhabitable very different from the picture even though previously i had been a loyal travelio customer at another unit which was okay complaint to customer service that a technician came to give judgment but the information given was very different from when we met even though i want a refund or relocation to a more appropriate unit it turns out that in the end they just delayed and just wanted to repair the air conditioner which was already broken bye bye travelio no more. too hard to sign in verification code never sent to my phone. got bad facilities inside there is a property in the form of a family lounge chair but the chair is dirty in the facility it says wifi but it can t be used at all the front door is also open regret renting from travelio worsening agoda s image. cannot extend monthly if you extend daily you can so monthly not available it s a bit strange indeed reported via chat many times only asked for booking number and told to wait doesn t provide any solution it seems like it s just to entice people to rent on a daily basis which costs more. deceptive prices gimmick promotions. wow now i know why everyone is giving 1 star rating so bad experience no solution from customer service the room boy was so bad and disrespectful it is too much my bad i am not seeing this review any time soon please just don t use this travelio for the owner of travelio just look down at your business activity it is either your employee trying to sabotage your business or your business is just not ready enough to operate at a proper level. rented it monthly but the mattress collapsed from the first day until this moment travelio couldn t provide a solution even though their team had checked and it had to be replaced because it wasn t suitable for sleeping on the reason is that there is always no follow up from the owner and my unit is not suitable on the day of changing the unit very very disappointing now i experience backpain every time i wake up. the system coordination is not good it appears from the hr service that several people can contact you about the same thing so as a user i have to repeat the same information customer service service is less responsive the person whose job it is to help with cleaning and first meetings also tends to be late so everything seems irresponsible and less systematic really needs to be repaired. first of all you say that my utilities bill will be refunded to the owner from building management and second of all you promise that your owner s department will have a feedback related to the refundable deposit and third of all i already paid the bills to direct building management as you briefed me from the day i got checked in and i m doing as you said so please give my money back as your commitment. request showing but nobody contact me for days how can i believe this application is honest. the customer service didn t provide a solution when asked whether it was available for a year he said he wanted to check but instead the chat status is finished asked because the status on the desired date is unavailable but payment can still be made for the desired date not recommended. the first time i tried it was bad and very complicated waiting to check in and hand over the key appointment at 17 30 but until 18 00 there was no one to talk to me i was just notified at 18 30 that someone had just arrived when the person arrived he said the key he brought couldn t be used for the main door very disappointed i ve been waiting so long i can t get in asked the operator and was only told to wait no follow up worst. it s simple until you have an issue customer service seems not given any solution unless we will escalate look like there is no standard schedule for cleaning has been rescheduled multiple times because the cleaning person is not shown. done uninstall banggang has the application. it s not worth it guys the deposit is refunded if we complain first they say it will be no later than 5 working days until the 5th day at 11pm it hasn t been refunded when the complaint is only processed. never on time. customer service is not professional and the unit listed is not available there is no solution and customer service chat is difficult to answer using a machine regarding having to refund because they couldn t provide a solution when refunding i asked for a lot of data and documents the refund process was long winded i asked and asked for the same documents again and until now no funds have entered my account. prices are not real when going to book page price is different more expensive. becarful this company will do everything not to pay your deposit back including making up there own stories everything is considered as repair even when it comes to filling the air conditioner freon this is a warning to foreigners not to use it. very bad service what s the point of having a check in time if they are the ones who decide to make changes tell people to wait for the customer service can t call chat just copy paste the email is really a detrimental application. horrible and worst service not recommended at all the application itself is not user friendly no detailed instructions before using the application furthermore the staff is not professional no access card to the door the staff said we had to wait for another guest to come out of the door before we could enter what the hell also the access for lift is not working the staff said they would fix it and asked for 10 minutes to fix it but it takes 2 hours trash application and services don t use. when i last checked out i was told to replace the mattress at the price of buying a new one even though the condition of the mattress when i checked in was the same as that the repair costs were deliberately rounded up to the deposit amount i went to customer service every time hr answered the same wait ma am we will check it this roomboy game is deliberately rounded according to the deposit price i don t want lg to use roomboy ats in the name of irul. why if after booking apart for 1 month and already paying but haven t checked in yet and the rental money can t be canceled why did you lose your money. worst experience ve star if possible rented unit apartment jakbar area for 1 month acs malfunction indoor no cold wind and outdoor unit shutdown in less than 14 days even after fixing beware of the pictures provided hidden charges fake reviews empty promises. rented an apartment via this application the service was very bad last minute i changed my order i was given a unit that didn t have a water heater and a door that was damaged and problematic when i complained about the broken door it wasn t responded to and not repaired immediately so i was locked in the apartment and couldn t move for those who want to use this application please think carefully. they deleted my previous comment about deposit scam lol. bad service. i rented for 3 months he said the damaged wallpaper needed to be replaced immediately but it hasn t been replaced in 2 months stove hood socket cabinet lights are not fixed internet is also only the first month this is crazy it s been 2 months now less than 1 month left. rubbish the customer service asked for a photo of the electricity and water bill via chat it didn t work after 7 days of asking via chat the only answer was that we have helped confirm this with our billing and operations team sir. tricky marketing i hate lies. there are no problems with online transactions starting from booking deposit to deposit refund the problem is the conditions on the ground the bellboy is not on time the condition of the unit is dusty the air conditioner is not cold the internet is slow there is a lack of communication between office staff and staff in the field the resolution process is slow when problems occur. not really professional taking care of this takes a long time don t make a mistake in paying you won t get your money back. please read the comments on instagram before ordering thank you please read all comments on their instagram before you start booking you may thank me later. i stayed 4 nights in an apartment at the taman sari semanggi jakarta apartment i was told to deposit 200 thousand and promised to return it within 5 working days after checking out i checked out on february 1 2022 and was charged a fine for melting a spatula of 50 thousand and i immediately pay when checking out with a virtual account as of today i am waiting and it turns out there is no confirmation at all regarding the deposit return and i have to wait another 5 hk from today. very disappointed with your service i have problems with my unit s internet from jan 24 until feb 8 there is no solution from travelio i contact customer service from whatsapp everyday and they reply with no solution this is the first and the last im using travelio and wont recommended to anyone. customer service slow respond and lying about the staff readiness im waiting almost 1 5 hour for checkin and unable to cancel. very unprofessional this afternoon i received an invoice for electricity and water usage for the first month of rent which at the beginning was explained to me by travelio staff that all forms of bills including electricity and water usage and if there is damage they are deducted from the deposit suddenly i was faced with a policy that i didn t know at all that i had to pay i did not get a good response from customer care and all of my explanatory arguments were replyed with bots which contained copy paste answers. customer service didn t respond quickly entering the apartment at dawn the electricity went out because the token had run out because it hadn t been filled the internet is also down and when asked for a solution the answer doesn t help. what a scam the service is so slow and unresponsive staff and customer service always have different responses every single time not recommended better run before you are trapped. there are so many bugs you can t book you can t wishlist you can t do anything else using the application on ios is safe meaning the application on android needs to be repaired. slow response customer service. not all customer service no coordination with the operational team and customer service i just waited for 3 days for the wifi not even 12 calls and dozens of msgs only 1 message was received sorry for our security team we haven t received an answer from our own team try that that s the reason why they can t do it themselves contact how we can contact them if there are big obstacles. as a rental service provider there is no customer service that can be received by telephone or talking directly via telephone there is only a chat box which can t immediately provide a solution when there is a unit that has poor facilities there is only an office boy who can t solve the problem either problem is wifi has become a necessity in the current situation what you get is 110 kbps or 680 kbps which feels like going back to what era. what is a rubbish application doing to advertise bookings on traveloka i was told to wait 2 hours in the middle of the night this application is crazy. the service to customers is bad not exaggerating but during my stay i had a lot of complaints and the customer service was slow and unsatisfactory. they love deleting honest comments and feedback my comments in google maps are gone because the location was removed all of my reviews on the units that i was staying weren t displayed they desperately want to cover up how disorganized their processes and how lazy their staff are good luck getting decent units here in my experience it never even meets their standards but you can t do anything because you already put expensive down payment it s a borderland fraud. service was bad and needs improvement think twice before using this service. there are too many victims of travelio why does this application service still exist. select date when the search filter is really difficult to select please correct the application. bad customer service. the application are stupid the customer service that replies on whatsapp is stupid i complained i couldn t book thru application coz it said it couldn t connect to server and customer service said thats bcoz unit is occupied and sent me the link of the unit but when i opened again it still showed unit is available and finally customer service confirmed its available omg stupidity at its best customer service said it booked even before knowing dates i want to book. very bad aps more hidden costs and not recommended very very disappointed. i want to click on booking but it always doesn t work it says couldn t get responses from server wanting to chat with customer service also always fails honestly i m really disappointed. so bad i can t book by travelio. cheap company lots of camouflage when they rent there be careful of broken equipment that you can t detect in the first 24 hours they will do everything not to pay back your deposit i don t advise any foreigners to use it. the application are slow running their services and customer service are even worst super unprofessional and awful. chat button error. be aware of their pattern every time there is an issue 1 super slow response customer service 2 no solution and offering a useless voucher the value is almost the same as the promo they have and can only be used to the normal rate so literally without the voucher we can still use the promo they have 3 their manager would never show up in any circumstances 4 contacting them customer service will drain your energy better use other application i experienced this several times not only oncw done i uninstalled it. this is not the first time we used travelio and every time we used this application the apartments were good but the travelio s services were sucks slow response even the manager did not show up to be responsible for anything giving voucher compensation is a useless solution since the voucher can only be used for the normal rate only and also the value of the voucher is almost the same as the promo they have so either you can use the promo they have or the compensation voucher you have no use at al. just wasting money the first time i used it i wanted to rent it monthly but i wanted to see the unit first i couldn t just stayed for 1 day the unit was too noisy and i couldn t live there even though in the clause a partial refund can be made if travelio wants to y never mind this is like buying a cat in a sack thanks travelio has disappointed its first customer. hoax where there is an apartment for 1 million a month the advertisement is misleading the application is not blessed. the initial information does not match reality. the application is complicated please make it simpler wanting to chat is also complicated chat by wa is more complicated. no attitude from the staff i ask for aircon cleaning i pay for it and i have already left my office to see the staff technician to clean the aircon but it is so hard to reach the staff and there is no technician coming to my place i ve waited for 3 hours to get nothing. waited to check in for almost an hour because the staff was late. the first and will be the last using this application the user experience is very bad several tools are not provided as written in the agreement and the follow up takes forever many hidden fees as well. i ve given up on booking using travelio booked a house it turned out that the house was already occupied by someone else 3 days waiting for confirmation and still no confirmation so how is this. it bothers disturbs when we use another application. i didn t check in because the room door couldn t be opened imagine i stay overnight but can t get back into the unit can the roomboy not come to the room and come in to show everything very uncomfortable for a woman. i cried a lot after exhausting the process to complain that there was an unexpected disaster the staff just took a pic and explained nonsense live chat is useless too much bureaucracy to process everything i would never recommend this to my friends ever what a complete waste of time to solve a simple problem customer service is hell and keeps asking the same question. if you want to go back to the previous page you have to use the buttons in the application you can t use the cellphone navigation buttons there are too few choices for the city of bandung many of which are on the outskirts. worst start up ever i have a year of rental experience paid off because i didn t report it directly to travelio any damage problems became my responsibility even though my husband already reported it on the first day with the officers eh the officer is rude be careful before making a rental agreement this start up has a lot to learn from other start ups regarding service issues especially the customer service is not smart and solves problems. customer service is suck live chat is useless and too much f d up services my unit was leaking from upstair and caused the bed very wet and dirty i had to sleep on the floor and nothing else i could do but thankfully the building management response was fast they cleaned my unit customer service keep asking the same question giving no solution at all water heater doesn t function very well wifi doesn t work at all cleaning req doesn t work properly just give me back my money. advertised but not available daily monthly yearly options are provided but not necessarily rentable communication with the host is unclear like talking to ai wes there s really no function in this application. not good customer service is very slow and unreliable the room boy was also slow and not on time according to his promise you have to upgrade a lot if you want it to be good i ll just give one star unless there are improvements which i m sure won t be in the near future. terrible service renting an apartment turned out the internet wasn t working and it wasn t fixed for a week even though they contacted me every day it s up to them when they give the electricity and water bills but once it s emailed we have to pay immediately within 24 hours or have it deducted from the deposit this is not service this is blackmail. have very bad experience my wife has come to the lobby but it s not clear who to contact security was confused and said that travelio orders often get canceled because they are so bad i suggest never book an apartment via travelio wa service is very bad i didn t get my money back even though i did not cancel aka i had already arrived but i couldn t enter the room chaotic. bad service don t check property when guests enter property items have been damaged before accusing guests just coming in that they are damaged immediately charged and withdrawing the deposit at will. it s very unprofessional to book a room via travelui. after renting our deposit was only transferred in the third week we are required to check all items from curtains tv refrigerator stove toilet etc avoid when there are claims of damaged goods. i have problem with wifi at my unit until now days more than 2 weeks not clear. this application really sucks they sell the unit and then tomorrow they cancel it because they inform us the unit is not available and they blame us for not asking it before instead their application chat sucks too after complaint customer service said that i booked it with a manual what an awfull statement you display your unit you said i booked it with a manual dont use this application not a professional application while you sell the units you must keep it until it confirms sell no blame you customer really disappointed. if you can t stand by with live chat don t use it for communication i had 1 hour to check in but didn t know where to contact me because live chat wasn t answered disappointing. worst customer service regarding broken facilities the employee said they opened a wo but did not i proved it uses an ss to customer service to no avail. very disappointing we were told to do a swab on the grounds that the apartment management requires swabs turns out it wasn t necessary ask the apartment management for parking meanwhile the apartment management has listed parking beforehand then i m always on tik tok to contact you asking for the contact person of the apartment owner is also difficult so as a renter it is very troublesome with the travelio application travelio should be able to solve everything in terms of parking etc. not a recommendation i ordered via traveloka until the apartment i was going to was told to download travelio the air conditioner is like a fan it s not cold the freon has run out. the application with the worst service in my life the electricity went out at midnight on the 2nd night in the apartment unit i rented for 2 nights i contacted the bellboy and chat customer service but they asked me to report to the building and security to buy an electricity voucher independently throughout the communication i was asked to take photos of the electricity supply not to use electronic devices at the same time and was asked to wait a maximum of 25 minutes but in reality more than 1 hour passed the electricity was still out. in the first month customer service was still contactable but the following month it started to be difficult to contact the internet in the room was dead the electricity bill was 3 weeks late the room when we first arrived was really dirty not well maintained unit in sgv yesterday travelio had a data breach email passwords etc were spread but there was no confirmation or apology be careful using this application. never rent an apartment through a travelio agent the mobile agent is rarely around wants to check in at night calls and doesn t pick up ends up going to rent to another hotel can t even get a refund. be careful working with travelio regret renting out apartment units through travelio. very complicated if you want to rent an apartment it s better to just use an ordinary agent because it doesn t help at all everything is complicated by itself ordinary agents have more extraordinary responsibilities and everything is done well. the experience wasn t good and i didn t want to write a review because the experience wasn t good but it s strange that a review appeared that i didn t fill out myself and sent it to my email hahaha. the deposit refund process took a very long time and did not comply with the agreement. the loudest application i ve ever found application is full of flaws customer service never resolves my problem cleaning service is at the lowest standard i m very expecting other competitors so that travelio is more serious in improving their poor service. this application needs more upgrades a lot i can t reply to any messages in talk to us using both iphone and android how am i supposed to contact the staff when checking in checking out and the call center was hard to reach either. i was knocked at 11 45 at night about the deposit even though travelio is still responsible for returning my deposit of 400. be careful the unit being rented is damaged we were told to give a good rating for the unit at the beginning of check in and then given the wifi password forcing consumers to give ratings so they can get the wifi password facility the turn to ask for a unit exchange was thrown here and there the cleaning services provided are also terrible the bed covers and towels that were given looked like they had been used by someone it smells and there are spots of dirt the customer service replies to chats take a really long time it s our turn yet the replies are fast. thought it will be easy to use but in the end i think you guys have to fix all the bugs that are found have a notification from travelio thru chat unfortunately i can type the sentences but there is no enter icon lol since i had to arrange the check in date i used notepad and replied to the chat with screenshot it s a silly thing for this kind of application you guys can do much better. how come it looks like a scam the ts is long winded and doesn t provide clear information the status of the unit that i had booked was not clear even though i had already paid for it when i chatted with the owner he said there was no confirmation from travelio fortunately it was only a loss of 200 thousand. travelio s management is really bad customer service is not responsive deposit returns are delayed after all the deposit is the customer s right so please return it as soon as possible not just ok ok. bad application the day before was available that the unit that had been booked was not available and had to be relocated even though i want to have an event need easy mobility so i definitely choose one of these apartments do not use travelio loss emotional drain. internet service is bad complained since weeks ago and still no resolution. bad customer service and communication just no also don t do transactions with them on traveloka. customer service is slow the difference is 100 thousand it s better to just go to the hotel obviously every time you stay you pay a deposit and you don t know when the refund will be paid bad. business collects public funds under the guise of property. bad customer service not professional handling users 1st use was 1 year ago because new platform i think still okay of bad customer service and services but after 1 year i tried again only little improvement from customer service i think quite slow of customer services improvement. the customer service doesn t give solutions it s long winded and slow in providing solutions which makes you really annoyed. the chat took a long time to answer it s tokai. dunno why this application has a bad policy 100 no refund once cancellation wow as i know other application have a policy of 60 refund cancellation what a good application and management better i use another application thanks. don t just be able to accept profits but not be professional i ask that within 1 x 24 hours starting december 3 at 11 00 wib all funds paid both deposits and apartment payments be returned in entirety for advice to the public beware of the service by travelio it s severe. write down my name the day i booked at the belmont residence tower mount blanc no need to ask to explain via telephone i ll explain it here so everyone knows it s broken travelio 1 approach with the staff at the apartment location at 8 pm the guy comes at 8 45 45 minutes late i wait 45 minutes at the location with no news i tried to chat to customer service the answer was very very sloww 2 going into the unit i ordered the stove won t turn on the roomboy also can t help it was solved newly on 2 dec 2021 at 10 am 3 i checked the internet not connected with the writing connection without internet this was the worst i followed up to the roomboy it was promised to check it i was rented a portable modem until 11 at night there was no news with the reason that we were still waiting for the supervisor s decision we helped the supervisor to call to follow up and my number in the supervisor block was anissah tasriani really not cooperative soluctive and very very incompetent as a supervisor after waiting for a long time at 1 pm delivered by a portable modem with 5gb quota info the quota was only 5gb really crazy i accidentally rented an apartment to support work from home i was only provided with 5gb internet with the assumption of 1gb day really doesn t make sense 1gb day the next day i followed up again to customer service again the respond was very very slow until i threatened to go viral to the new fast respond instagram it appears there was a broken cable indicating this apartment was very bad in terms of maintenance new internet problem solve on 2 dec 21 hours 11 30 4 2 dec 2021 the electricity was off only in the unit i was in it needed 1 hour to repair and my parents were hot if you can t turn on all the air conditioner tell us earlier don t blame us for turning on all the air conditioner honestly this is the first experience of using travelio and it s very disappointing from me i prefer using airbnb the quality is more guaranteed really gone. advice for travelio if there is nothing major about the update don t force the update first if you don t update you can t open the application once a week application updates still the sma application and service are bad. not a 5 star the application is heavy photos don t open update every little bit every now and then you have to change the password the intention to extend the lease becomes difficult and emotional. image does not exist. cannot register. very bad service the apartment was not cleaned in detail there are cigarette butts in the kitchen sink the floor was also just mopped the antigen result letter and personal items from the previous occupant are still in the cupboard and the most annoying thing is that i have been asking for a replacement apartment access card 4 days ago and there has been no progress until now. renting an apartment is like renting a shack there s a lot of damage the electricity toilet lights balcony lights plugs sometimes don t have electricity the bedroom door is stuck until finally it can t be locked i ve had a complaint for 2 months and no resolution. the application is very slow and the loading takes a very long time. the worst service is in this application. for a month the broken refrigerator was not replaced the room is not cleaned before guests stay so there are lots of bugs the field relocation process was very slow had to wait 5 hours there was no internal coordination when we meet staff we have to wait for clarification we have to wait for them to call and we will provide further clarification the bed and pillows were very dirty my body had bumps and bumps while staying there it s really serious. hi why is it that every time you want to open the application you always get an update notification even though there are no updates what to do. the application doesn t work payment verification is useless customer service is not a solution electricity and ipl payments are not paid to the building as a result utilities and access are blocked not recommended at all. fix bugs please. application lags filters are useless don t launch it if there are still lots of errors and bugs. all fake 5 stars slow response and slow damage handling gk recommends. i can t check in i can t chat with customer service. just don t ever use this application checked in with so many broken facilities after every day every month complaining to fix those broken facilities they just told me to patiently wait and eventually it s not getting fixed. good but the application likes to lag so it s difficult when looking for an apartment. slow application. the service was very bad the deposit refund process took almost 1 month and the money had not yet been returned. complicated booking must wait 1 2 hours when checking in at night and cash deposit refund too bank account it s too long not at the same day refund after checking out need too be fix it. not professional changing the room key without asking for approval from the owner so asking for it to be returned to the manual key not returning it to the original key but using a new key so the owner doesn t even have a new key how can i believe that my unit is being handled well. the process is super complicated and the live chat service is very unresponsive. wow your customer service system is correct really super slow response want to book it is complete. need 1 30 hours from 12 pm to 1 30 pm waiting room boy for check out without any further communication from customer service room boy slow response please invest more for standby manpower in the lobby just like oyo reddoorz. for anyone who wants to order another application it s better to use another application 1 the application is not very transparent in paying for electricity and water i was charged 1 million for electricity and water even though it was only 400 i have received confirmation from the apartment building management 2 customer service service is very slow even though it was due to a mistake in making electricity and water i just returned it more than 1 month ago when i returned it the admin transfer fee was deducted that s outrageous 3 don t trust good reviews on the application because if we have a bad review the application will be rejected. the search button cannot be clicked. it turns out i read other reviews many people experienced the same thing as me very disappointed regret using travelio it takes a long time to return the deposit i checked in on 12 october 12 november deposit money was due back on 16 december and finally i had to check out early on november 5 7 days before time so that the deposit could be returned in november even though at the beginning we couldn t check in before depositing when they left they took a long time to return the deposit the strangest management detrimental to people customer service is complicated like a robot. the application is not very responsive after clicking it takes a really long time to load sorry dj i hope it can be improved it definitely can. their logo is misleading there should be a rule for this. worst star up takes a long time to come back the deposit is expensive just close it it s a star up. error when trying to make a payment. this is the most stupid management company i have ever used fraudulent tenants i rented 25 september 25 october 2021 booked again on 25 october 25 november 2021 in a different unit i had to deposit another 3 million i asked to cancel the rental for 25 october 25 november due to objections to the deposit of another 3 million i called travelio for help so that i didn t need a deposit wrote a letter separating paying for electricity and water but on the 25th of october i wanted to check in i had to pay a deposit if i didn t pay i couldn t check in this is a fraudulent company made complicated tenants be careful. slow respond literally slow respond. very bad not anymore if you can get a refund i just want a refund and travelio just apologized i ve lost money you have to be careful when renting an apartment the documents provided by travelio must be checked whether they are valid or not and travelio doesn t even read the reviews written. travelio does not collaborate with apartments this is a very big problem because it really bothers me examples of simple things you are not allowed to leave items at security or the receptionist because there is different management these are words that come out of their mouths so going for a gojek grab etc becomes very difficult because like it or not you have to go downstairs directly. loading takes a long time. the application is unstable lags badly devops is lame. application run very slow and customer service didn t know the whole rate of service from the building. worst add bombardments ever even if you ve the application installed on your phone the advertisement won t give a damn about it not to mention the ladyboy that was in the ad best marketing strategy ever. can t access even after update. hate how the application won t allow me to access my account unless i update it every so often it s really annoying please refrain from forcing people to update like that people will eventually update when they see the need to do so no need to make things difficult sorry but i m gonna uninstall it now. very bad service deposit process playing cut arbitrarily not recommended. the application is good but the service is very disappointing. for those who want to stay at northland ancol using travelio i suggest not because the apartment is not recommended firstly there is no lock on the balcony door there is no lock on the bedroom door and the bathroom is leaking and travelio is not very helpful in this matter i rented an apartment twice via travelio and both times i was very disappointed. not as expected. need a covid test to stay forget it good bye. bad experience the application is very very very slow and heavy pop up notifications keep appearing after clicking something and now my previous review has been deleted. got a 2 million discount in the notification when i opened it it wasn t there. if you can review 0 stars it s definitely 0 customer service is really incompetent in answering and deposits always have to be chased to be returned never again if i could give 0 stars i would customer service is a big joke and always have to chase them to have my deposit back never again. booking is difficult you have to wait for hours. the response of the application after updating is very slow press it once wait 5 seconds and the appearance of the application is also better than yesterday now it seems too big. bad customer service. your application keep stopping after last update the desktop version is much more user friendly but nowadays people would prefer to use the phone for every activity please make an improvement on your application for mobile friendly. very terrible everything is so difficult including asking request for showing unit the customer service on whatsapp is not very helpful either theh keep giving information i don t ask and it s even available on the website but don t give me the answer i need. be careful when booking apartment with this application worst service i ve ever experienced there is no clear coordination between the field team and management the field team said that electricity and water would be cut via deposit suddenly management issued sp to pay for electricity and water or else it would be cut off so the tariff per kwh is not according to the standard 900 watts of power should be priced at 930 rupiah kwh this becomes 1500 when asked cm answered building management decisions very unprofessional. not recommended at all i rented a 3months faboulous apartment through this application when i checked in the room was dirty there was a spider web the tv and desk were dusty ants on the bed and it took them 4 days to start resolving. be careful for those who want to pay monthly deposits using a credit card i was charged 4 5 for 135 0 but after i chatted with customer service travelio they said it was a charge from the issuing bank after i disputed it with the issuing bank they said they had wrong information and asked me to withdraw the report with the promise of vouchers which i then refused the electricity water bill is marked up at 218 691 a month for those who rent monthly just try checking directly with the building manager it s definitely a shock. slow application long loading the check in process took a long time lack of coordination between customer service and field staff. how come the advert makes meow make ilfeel. bad response of application too much lagging. just installed it i can t log in because i was told to keep updating. lousy application keeps crashing down. complicated booking process had to wait for an hour because i didn t get my pin code my messages didn t get through to the person in charge when i checked out different officers kept asking me where i put the key and access card then they made a fake review saying my stay was all good and the service was good all the opposites using my name when i clearly did not write the review i complained asking to delete the review. you can t cancel there are no refunds so be careful if you use this application the customer care is unclear and slow there is no contact for telephone there is no win win solution if there are problems. very bad application and communication ever. recently the service has been lacking and strangely enough prices can suddenly go up when the renewal transaction is successful. as a user i have been using it for more than 1 year i am really disappointed with the system and what s more the support only replies once a day the problem is that it is outside working hours so when we reply they will reply within the next 1x24 hours. the connection is slow just trying to check in is stuttering. this application gave no response. homey 2br bassura city apartment unit by travelio k0lnvyxi the owner is not willing to accept a booking from me because the reason is up to the owner if that s the case why is it advertised on travelio is it true that travelio allows discrimination like this not clear. be careful if you want to book via this application because the deposit can take up to 3 months to return after checking out fraudulent application. i ve been rushing to order daily i think the deposit can be paid directly to the staff when they arrive at the apartment in fact you have to transfer and return the deposit funds within 5 days. this platform agent is so frustrating from the beginning it seems cheap but then you realize that was just the price for the base you gotta pay more for adds on they try to play this psychological trick. it s been more than a month from the check out date but i still haven t received a refund for my deposit i have sent an email but travelio has not responded. the unit has thick dust on the floor and other items the air conditioner doesn t seem to have been cleaned that night i immediately moved property because my asthma flared up the bed sheets are not clean the body becomes itchy dust and dirt accumulate in the toilet the refrigerator and cooking utensils are unhygienic rubbish from previous visitors is still strewn about the trash can smells bad without a trash bag the dispenser is empty the toilet door is broken room charge 522k and cleaning fee 150k not worth it all makes asthma recur without any compensation initiative. the advertisement keep popping up very annoying. interested to try the service but the application is a pain slow hard to click anything. the application is really rubbish on android it is very slow and many people are not competent in customer service or are not trained properly if you give a bill you are like a loan shark then call if the customer asks for help the response is very slow and there is no feedback. very not recommended the deposit refund process is very difficult from the contract letter it is very clear that the electricity water bill paid to travelio is for the first month and the last month but travelio arbitrarily cut my deposit for the last 2 months where i had already paid the 2nd month from last to the apartment management then the cut electricity water bill is marked up by the billing team the billing team can only provide proof of bills that have been reprinted. the application was bugging i wanted to find out if the server was down even though it had been 24 hours. deposit returns take a very very long time. the advertisement doesn t really make you feel bad so renting an apartment won t work. think twice again if you want to order from travelio the further back you go the worse the customer service becomes 1 the deposit is like those of us who are in debt and are asked to pay it back when it s not clear when make a rule of 14 working days they themselves can t comply 2 if you report there is a problem in the unit it s extraordinarily long winded this is most likely that travelio will use a 3rd party vendor and it s not quality controlled 3 this last order received a unit with the wallpaper already torn there is no intention to replace it with a new tenant. i don t really like it personally but it s different for everyone. the only application i give a rating to just because the level of exhaustion using this service is tremendous biggest room for improvement is in the system communication that is clearly not standardized yet so much delay of information follow up too much back and forth only to complain about some stuffs with the customer service in chat eg for the water electricity bill internet problems etc. customer service is serious asked today maybe 2 days later. i have ordered from travelio twice and both of my bookings were satisfactory however i was very disappointed when i wanted to choose an apartment that had several rooms and the rooms we got were random why can t i choose the room i want to stay in. good unfortunately the application is slow and lags a lot. for real don t book through here their customer service is very incompetent information varies so for the same thing i was contacted 3 times by different people even though it was confirmed from the first phone call slow response too late from the old chat the person checking in was 1 hour late when the technician wanted to come he said it was 9 30 but in fact he arrived at 13 00 the technician said that customer service only informed me at 11 o clock where s the coordination fix not recommended. if you just want to have a staycation move across the house and have to take a negative covid test. the refund process took a really long time it didn t match the agreement then it was phped again it said it had been processed wait 1 x 24 hours how many times did it not come in my money didn t come in the inventory list didn t match the one in the unit the complaint was for some damage but the one only the plumber came where are the others really bad experience not according to expectations. so bad experience no solution for gas dysfunction in my father and no refund for my booking fee. the apartment is no problem but deposit refund is very bad it s been more than 1 month since my last stay but the refund has not been transferred yet they keep saying waiting and waiting promised a date but missed it up until now please answer my chat clearly. i can t register. the unit doesn t have quality control to rent it we have to do a lot of repairs so from the start you can t stay comfortable you have to contact customer service to arrange the schedule with the vendor so it s a hassle. live chat is inefficient doesn t provide a solution at all deposit refund is unclear there is no internal communication system at all. a double deposit occurred due to an error in the travelio application system however it seems that customer service doesn t understand isn t helpful and can t be relied on there is no clear answer regarding liability for returning deposits paid twice. very bad application keep crashing live chat didn t work just bot keep repeating the same questions service so bad i don t even know why this business still exists i wouldn t use this application anymore. we will file an unlawful act lawsuit with the central jakarta district court against travelio for submitting a fictitious bill for damage to the unit that we did not do. i like the 1 million maintenance. poor service. no you can cancel. slow searching especially adding search filters and add options that provide bathtubs and those that don t. scam if you re confirmed to pay yet one or another reason you want to cancel you can t do it and please check all the information on the property since you need to pay another fee when you are in the properties the customer service only answer based on text no problem solving at all super bad experience will never use the application again. rate five stars at first because of the warm welcome and how easy it is to check in but the service is really unforgiveable at first the internet was down and it took more than 8 hours to resolve the issue then they had a gas stove and the gas ran out and again it took more than half a day to have a response then electricity token almost out and again it took more than 4 hours to resolve this is really inexcusable unless there is some kind of response i don t think i would recommend this application. very disappointed i couldn t extend it because someone else had already taken the booking and there was no information from travelio for monthly or annual bookings you should set not available for units that are still occupied or confirm first if someone else wants to book. an application with super bad service there is a telephone service application but it directs it to chat which only works like a robot. the unit rented by travelio was very disappointing 1 the unit was very dusty and had lots of cockroaches 2 there are many problems in the unit such as clogged drains and tenants are required to pay maintenance fees because it has been more than 1 x 24 hours which is very unreasonable because there is a lot of damage that may occur due to a bad unit 3 the toilet is dirty and the renter can t tell because the photo on the application is not honest. it s crazy that the customer service is really bad i ve been using travelio for about 3 to 4 months and there was a problem with the internet modem which often disconnected itself from the first time i rented an apartment on travelio travelio really didn t disappoint and didn t respond to internet problems even though i pay 400 thousand per month for the internet the modem is broken and not taken care of at all it has been explained that the problem is the modem and check the internet connection yes obviously i can t find the problem. disappointingly customer service service is very slow you also have to be reminded several times to return your deposit before you can get your deposit back the request for showing the unit was also never contacted from travelio highly not recommended. not satisfying at all not recommended dusty units add on wifi not worth it first bought 25gb 2 weeks ran out then bought another 25gb activated 3 days later than promised in 2 days it s gone even though the use is the same as before very late response text or call always full the price of 1 thin plastic spatula which is charged because it is broken rp 100 0 overprice not satisfying at all not recommended. the service sucks it takes a long time to complain about what days the process can take weeks the facilities provided are not suitable many are damaged the turn to protest actually made consumers disappointed. edit the electricity turned off again hahaha crazy yes i have remembered it from 2 days away i don t get heard to whether this is my report it s true that the power off again there is no respect for customers 6 months here only 1 month was not turned off the electricity that s also me who s chasing to ask his owner to remember not to be late in paying the bill the customer service answer is always a template of apology and false promises won t return again how long does the response take worst service if there is a minus rating i ll give you a minus. this application is really heavy lagging other application run smoothly. customer service mostly did not help the issue being complaint. very bad check in and booking chat is not good. it s complicated. it s really hard to ask for proof that the deposit has been refunded when i called it was difficult to chat and said it had been refunded how can i check with the cc provider if there is no evidence yet. the customer service is not working never responds or picks up the phone it s better not to regret it. their service is terrible when i ask for something they just tell me to wait i tried travelio more than a year ago but their service hasn t changed yet in order to make the customers loyal they must improve their service and improve their process efficiency it has been 2 months and i still haven t got my deposit back they keep saying it is in process please be patient. 2 months of living here the room key had errors 3 times and i had to wait for travelio staff to come to fix it it s better to just replace the regular key rather than having the error always use a digital key i also can t use the internet even though there is a modem in the room and i don t mind if i have to add one update the key still errors at the beginning of every month from travelio there is still no solution other than visiting the staff the customer service also takes a long time to respond so be careful it can take hours to lock the key outside the room. what makes it easier the application is complicated well the number of houses for rent is very small if you want to rent a house there are only 3 houses z. customer service is slow and works for a long time and the issue process takes a long time not recommended. poor cleanliness and unresponsive travelio staff just a broker for renting a place and don t expect anything else. too many hidden fees agent not always available bad communication within the travelio employee itself or maybe just purely bad system. every time there is a problem the response from live chat takes a very long time and there is no solution my air conditioner is hot i complain to live chat but there has been no action for more than 3 hours this is very very disappointing do not recommend renting here if the service is like this there are still many rental applications that serve better than here i don t recommend using this application if the slow response from the live chat is still like this. definitely terrible. 1 there are no 1 million apartments 2 it s really difficult to set a checkout date the application isn t ready. key handover was late during checkin contract was not brought over due to printing issue we booked the apartment via a different platform which travelio lists through customer service id rude calls late at night in order to get wifi password i was asked to give the ppace a good review before i can get the password this is so unethical. the service is really bad the appointment at 14 30 didn t show up until an hour later can t get a call directed to live chat application or wa switched to the live chat application and i didn t get a reply for half an hour the first reply just asked for my name i was told to wait again and it wasn t clear how long how long are guests told to wait in the lobby. cannot use chat facilities now the cleaning has come but nowhere to be found cannot contact because they say cannot give their number how to solve. bad management bad comoany profile got many issues with other users the application is not so good. door code suddenly changed couldn t access the apartment unit customer service was very unresponsive took a long time to reply to messages even though it was still working hours not recommended. very inefficient i ve paid by bank transfer it hasn t been confirmed for hours until the afternoon. the sgr billing team is outrageous just charged me for electricity and50 days from the billing date and immediately told me to hurry up and pay not polite before that i had looked for the billing team to ask for a bill via telephone and chat but they didn t immediately contact me the bad thing is that if you want to get the wifi password you have to give a rating specifically when you check in while the agent is looking at your cellphone so 5 stars on each of their units is invalid because the rating is done before staying not after and the rating cannot be edited. very bad experience 4 hours late check in at 2 30 at 7pm the house wasnt ready very dirty house smells ciggerete messy and all not ready terrible experience. very disappointed with a company as big as travelio but the service is very unsatisfactory 1 during use i repeatedly get the same problem the application says wifi but when checking in no wifi is provided 2 when there are problems when using wifi is dead the epl bill is late and can t buy electricity tokens customer service response is slow in the end there is no solution and only answers with formal answers such as follow up etc 3 officers are always behind schedule 30 minutes. the deposit refund process is very long asking for account data several times makes it take longer. very bad experience i am trying to check in but the aircon both in the bed room and in the living room are in bad condition not working overall very very bad experience. very disappointed when entering 2 apartment units 1 was still dirty the kitchen equipment seems to be just existing and dirty and the air conditioner is off in the other unit the lights are off the authorization letter for parking in the new building was available 3 days later imagine paying for normal 24 hour parking for 3 days i paid the full deposit but didn t get what i wanted however the agent s service when entering the unit was quite friendly and helpful. bad service travelio mgmt but good service for room boy booked check at 18 00 at 18 00 i went to the apartment and received a response that the unit i was going to stay in was still occupied by the previous tenant it would take 1 2 hours to check out how come this means that the cleaning process during covid was not carried out because the unit i was going to stay in was still occupied two other units were offered with a bad smell dirty used air conditioner not cold cobwebs after complaining i got the unit in new condition and finished checking in at 20 15. dirty room we have to give check in experience a 5 star rating in order to see wifi password unethical and not professional air conditioner is not working properly no clear instructions on how to live in the apartment i think this will be my first and of course my last booking on travelio please improve the ux so many bad reviews i don t even know when will my deposits be back i use credit card because of so many negative reviews about it. the worst service i have ever experienced very disappointing 1 month rental damaged facilities no solution customers are at a loss. needs to be corrected regarding booking cancellations due to emergencies i mean it s not our fault for not staying overnight due to the lockdown of the destination city i m gonna uninstall this application. worst customer service ever. booked an apartment but couldn t get into the unit live chat was down nobody picked up at the call center thanks. super bad experience unit has multiple defects which were not checked before handing over not a trust worthy agent to deal with good luck to those who use them. i really don t recommend the application users who have been using this application for a long time are not given priority when wanting to extend their lease. need to improve 1 filter search is not user friendly location just based on the city name and apartment name it would be better if there are smaller areas such as tebet matraman manggarai salemba 2 can t instant chat with the owner just asking how much to park the car or wanting to make an appointment to see the location is difficult i received an answer via email our property consultant will contact you no later than 1 one working day but no one ever contacted me even though i needed it quickly. sorry i m disappointed thanks. not just a deposit please return my money because i was canceled 2 hours after check in time at the place on the day i m stranded give me my money back why don t i just get my deposit back i have to book again elsewhere. so bad it s an application which supposedly helps us find accommodation by location but the search button doesn t even work properly i put jakarta and it says sorry there are no results for jakarta which is absurd. the application is good but the service is very bad starting from the live chat which is not a solution the staff in the field are late very late in fact the rooms are not clean plus the rules regarding deposits refunds check in out hours are complicated. instead of making it easier it s even more complicated via the platforms by ticketdotcom and traveloka it s even more complicated. be careful using travelio s monthly rental services i was very disappointed because the room was very dirty smelly the refrigerator was dead customer service is very difficult to contact worst service in my life. dirty apartment and horrible ux when we checked in the internet was not working fridge was not working filthy cooking utensils dust and stains basically this feels like a scam as for the ux no clear info on what to expect we have to give a rating to see wifi password while we haven t even stayed we don t have a mat even though the dirt is everywhere. service is not good dirty rooms and furniture at the beginning of check in forced 5 stars by the housekeeper at that time after checking in there were deficiencies such as a balcony lock it took 5 days to solve the issue even though it wasn t an impromptu booking it s still better to book directly with the owner rather than being cheated by travelio additional note after checkout the deposit is deducted for electricity water without a clear bill kwh bill startandend is empty jeyccayw studio room 1ac electricity bill 800 thousand bottom line regret it and won t use it again. my worst experience ever at apartment rental i was excited seeing many nice apartment units in this application but when i booked one of them the building condition was awful re smell bad dirty crowded didn t follow c 19 protocol etc that was why i cancelled but they refused to accept my reasons no refunds at all and talking about its customer service it needs high improvement soon. can t enter if using an indihome connection you have to change to using data or connect to vpn first that s true. edit the deposit refund has been returned but still not much only 75 of it and it takes a very long time to pay the refund i was complaining in february but until may it was just a little refund and i was already tired and fed up by the customer service to ask for the rest of refund. very hard to get deposit back. freeze on the welcoming page of the application. i was about to use this application to rent an apartment for a month but when i read the reviews i ve changed my mind. chat is a feature that i think is useless in this application slow or even no response at all. slow response. they have very bad systems and workers manual door recorded as code door my mom needs to wait outside the unit for hours because the extra lock inside jammed so my dad cannot open do not even think to use this pig wash. never ending loading to open this application. always asked for research when i want to see travelio mya listings and sales when the response on the hub is slow. promised to meet the staff to show the unit on the day the person didn t come and couldn t be contacted very unprofessional. room cleanliness is okay application is okay price rate inconsistent service sucks there is a leak in the apartment no response cable tv is out no response asked to check out quick response i had extended the room there was no coordination with the field team in the afternoon suddenly my room was tried to be unlocked by the roomboy very dangerous. not recommend. it s really bad for travelio check in time is 14 30 it s already 15 30 there s no clarity as to why the door lock is broken it should be checked before the customer checks in so the impression of the first monthly booking with travelio was very unpleasant really bad not recommended. the service is very bad 1 when checking in i waited 1 5 hours for the team to arrive be careful when the checkin staff gives their own rating 2 the live chat application is very slow and doesn t help with the chat history they don t see it 3 the deposit was deducted for things i didn t do i don t smoke and can prove it medically however my pillowcase was cut due to smoking which was clearly not my fault 4 complaint reports do not have report numbers 5 monthly guests are not provided with good facilities. the floor is dusty and dirty two lights don t work the hot water capacity is small there is still rubbish that hasn t been thrown away. the air conditioner didn t turn on was told to move rooms appointment from 1 to 3 o clock didn t come still told to wait again what admin is rambling admin takes a long time to respond customer service also gave very unsatisfactory answers. very bad service long response time very bad just use another application which is clearly good. the application is great and the response is fairly good but my experience was very bad with them i chose the apartment and upon my arrival i discovered that it was not clean at all and also emitted a bad smell also some of the lights were dama and this took about two days to fix them and this moment i am still waiting for some things that have not been returned after cleaning them the staff is cooperative in the responses. the noobest agent all time very bad system i once used a personal agent for renting apartments and she did ask whether i wanted to expand staying or not travelio don t care about it their units are automatically open for book right after we checked out date they don t ask they likely just want the money and don t care about customer satisfaction or maybe just don t know how to make a good service low budget low service. 1x24 hours for complaint w o exception of damage type after couple days air conditioner not working well the repair weighted on customer great you must repair the clause must include a list for such routine maintenance use common sense such thing can t be checked or happened in the 1st 24 hours so be aware if you have to stay quite long say for a couple weeks because if after a couple days the air conditioner gets trouble hot water leaking sth like that you have to pay for that repair even u did nothing wrong jackpots. disappointed contacting the customer agent is difficult i rented for 1 month at cinere resort the water was turned off because the owner had not paid the water bill for 3 months lolong what kind of service is this. stupid application when i type destination it shows no results fyi i just updated the latest version application. the best check in service so far update after 1 month and terrible service lack of info on wifi unit on application shows there was wifi info but in reality isn t takes up days to fix my door lock interrupted my activity in general not safe customer service actions are so slow i feel bad for technician that came on iftar because he just got noticed by customer service after 2 days i reported and it s not easy to know your bills and get the deposit back until today customer service needs to take this seriously i ve read so many bad reviews. after the update there is no filter by facilities the feeling is there before. used travelio several times the facilities and prices were ok but the wifi was always problematic and the check in process was a hassle there are many additional requirements that are not announced beforehand such as reviews and posts on social media i mean i m violating privacy too could be more efficient. awful after stay service it s a nightmare to get your deposit back and i still haven t gotten it i reached out several times to ask about the deposit via in application chat which by the way was terrible the chat session always ended itself prematurely before the issue got resolved and had happened 5x staffs i talked to kept saying they would check and get back but then ended the chat and i had to repeat that entire awful experience again times 5 waste of time waste of money. this is the 3rd time i ve reviewed it it doesn t get any better 1 the apartment that has been paid for suddenly wants to be sold but if you check the application it can still be rented out 2 relocate with the condition of exchanging furniture but no answer to follow up until check in 3 check in was still ok operations asked for a review but actually the work wasn t finished yet after being given it was lost please don t copy this 4 false promises came to operations and technicians even though the guarantee was only 24 hours operations missed my linen who was busy following up technician operations promised to come too didn t show up 5 the contact letter power of attorney loading have not been provided yet. the ceiling in my room collapsed and there was no compensation the room was told that it didn t smell of cigarettes it was clear that the room smelled of cigarettes until it was strong the floor in the corners was dirty with thick dust. very sorry immediately uninstall it after using it for the first time the apartment unit smells of cigarettes there is no solution that can be offered other than air freshener since when can air freshener eliminate the smell that is growing and the worst thing is that the bedroom ceiling collapsed the only solution offered is compensation of 150 thousand which has the potential to be life threatening if it hits someone even though the apartment technician himself has not yet had to repair it and there is potential for other parts to collapse. the agent was contacted several times but didn t respond they even responded 2 days later when they did they waited another 2 days before replying even though the application idea is good unfortunately the filter function doesn t work well. poor application no response. ugly slow. the unit is damaged it s really difficult to complain via telephone. always fail to book and fail to pay the application is flawed. travel application that is very difficult for customers plus checking in was difficult with the staff insisting on asking to be given 5 stars on the grounds of the checkin procedure information on the units being rented is incomplete such as internet availability and very inconvenient checkin and checkout methods and too frequent reminders to checkout during your stay even starting a few hours after checkin both from whatsapp and email it gives the impression of being pushed away. application error search location always returns does not match results. book for 1 month at 2br apart move in at night when booking i state so clear ready to stay but what i found was that the apartment was so dusty that it made me have to clean until 01 00 in the morning just so the kids could sleep first the customer service said i have to make a complaint within 24 hours or it can t be processed and i did they responded quickly but the staff that came to fix didn t deal with it seriously hope next time give more good service and train your staff thanks. got charged 350 thousand for unclear reasons you should have accompanied people from travelio from the start if you really want it to be fair and the property used is really not damaged i ll give up booking via travelio thanks. slow already filled in length x width x height crash yourself can t sort from highest lowest price very bad interface. cannot apply filter. apply filter then goes blank all the time. the overall experience is hardly convenient especially with add ons such as parking internet lack of information and features how to reschedule how to register for parking etc has to go with manual process by customer service however customer service chat tends to be slow response and even the application itself takes a long time to open chat window. need 5 hours to open the application its suck. the application is very slow when opened everything is still bad in terms of appearance and the experience is very bad. keep crashing cannot input bank name bank account get real. there were lots of problems with renting an apartment at travelio when i left the unit there were no leaks or broken hoses but after i checked out by leaving the key in the mailbox the information was that the hoses were leaking and broken and i was charged a deposit deduction i asked to see the unit again with those who took photos of leaking and broken hoses so far there is no further information. poor admin for process refund the monthly deposit not recommended. bad service i booked here but the unit couldn t be used because it was damaged and was relocated but was downgraded from the previous place i had booked. lagging wasting time. after application update i can not use searching feature for city building. loading takes a really long time it s hard to get in touch additional be careful during the check out process travelio only makes a rule that you only need to put the key in the mailboxes when i checked out i was informed that i had lost the tv remote and was asked to replace it the prices displayed and the prices paid are very different the condition of the rooms and photos are also different the first and last time i used this application hopefully this comment will be a lesson for others. so slowly my wishlist is gone. can t search any location in daily try to put city names like jakarta bogor and any cities but the result is always sorry there is no result for x. electricity goes out because the owner hasn t paid i m the renter who has never paid late but was affected by a power outage because the owner was late in paying the bm for things like this we need a quick solution power outages are unpleasant especially if it s not our fault but complaints are only handled at the chat support level i need a quick solution even if i have to pay directly to bm there s no problem as long as we both agree and i don t have to pay again to travelio. very worst i had a very worst experience not because of the application but because of their service miss communications here and there uncommitted to what they say will not book through travelio again. the worst application if for renting apartments i had an issue with the stove then during the call they just mentioned that there will be a fee of idr 50k per technician visit to check the unit after 1x24h and this has never mentioned in the contract i asked them to confirm this during the call and yes they confirmed that they don t mention this additional fee imagine you report issues and you never know this a fintech startup is doing better with their contract than travelio i feel cheated. doesn t work well on my 2017 oneplus 3t in 2021 not all words shown correctly. very disappointed rented the mentengpark apartment for 1 month he said he only needed to bring a suitcase in fact the parking registration authorization letter had not been completed for almost a week even though from the start before checking in we were asked to prepare a parking registration authorization letter immediately because the hourly parking fee in jakarta is very expensive we have spent 500 thousand for parking for 5 days and it is not yet clear when we can register for parking the application is good but the support from the operations team is very poor. very very disappointing promised the owner a power of attorney for a parking slot for monthly rental but it hasn t been given for almost a week the loss is already 500 thousand just to pay for parking due to travelio s negligence i have asked customer service every day but the answers are not a solution and there is no direct treatment moreover the customer service changes every day so the problem returns to zero never had service this bad. slow response. the application was very unfriendly when i arrived at the apartment i had been waiting all day to see the unit and it didn t come uninstall the application. the customer service is not very customer centric i suggest you don t need to add internet once you subscribe you can t take it out dr subscription and modem speed is slow. super duper complicated initially booked via traveloka it turns out it s connected to travelio you have to download the application first you have to pay a deposit via aplokaao you have to enter your id card and detailed personal data into the application that s it you have to confirm what time you want to come because the person guarding the key is not the one who is on standby 24 hours at the receptionist if you don t have to don t bother using travelio. payment procedures are not clear travelio service is slow and bad if there is a problem in the apartment service it doesn t work there was only the answer we will help clarify it to the relevant team until i left the apartment the problem didn t solve it. thanks for the review i just canceled the application installation. i don t understand with this application doesn t work at all. warm hospitality and very warm welcome by the room boy he was very helpful too during my stay in the apartment thank you travelio beside good application and easy to use also good service. there s no monthly apartment rental of 1 million it s a hoax i ve looked for it and it s not there pret lah. how come the rating is above 4 i m not willing to give it just 1 because of the super bad experience why can t the room be rented out better to use another application thank you for the lesson. after 18 months the apartment was like a boarding house and the officers don t care about complaints. application performance is very poor when i opened the application to see the contents of the loading room it didn t open server network is inadequate. refund super old deposits lots of bad experiences and less practical processes. bad admin bad service draining deposit money. please read all the bad reviews because they are all facts true and correct if you read that i renting through travelio is really bad experience ii you ll regret it if you made a booking using travelio i someone regretted having recommended travelio to his colleagues iv you won t receive the deposit in full yes it is all true it happened to me update after all the complaints they finally returned my deposit correctly thanks to ridwan once it s done they asked me to take down my review. there are no contact people everyone uses live chat long respond staff is not ontime really recommended not to install this application. dissapointed with the application and the services after i rented the apartment for 6 months my deposit still not back to my account after 2 months i checked out the customer service is very bad don t use this application if you rent monthly or yearly not worth it at all. will never use their service anymore 1 complaints are never handled properly 2 first time check in the person brings the wrong key 3 dirty apartment rusty cutlery moldy cupboards internet turns off every 5 minutes 4 there is an official letter needed to subscribe monthly parking but it never received until now on march 15 i have checked in from march 7 so i pay for parking by hour 5 the cleaning schedule was canceled unilaterally and my cleaning point was still scorched. the ui is the only one that s better the hr sucks it s really messed up i swear i won t use this service the application is rotten i m sorry i only increased the advertisements the hr fixed it. bad experience ever so many hidden costs. poor service and when you want to move to another unit the process is very complicated and the customer service does not help you and give the solution regreting ever recommend this to my colleagues rates are gradually increased when you extend and need to pay another deposit please make you application more advanced or simplify the process hospitality business is about customer service and guest experience if not then you will burn the money for investing at the surface only. give my deposit money back travelio services are worst their staff never meet me on time always 2andand hours late and keep repeating their mistakes their customer service isn t helpful and ain t answer all of my questions asked they just want you to answer their questions but not your questions quite helpful to find apartments but don t expect much from the services. monthly apartment rental via travelio yesterday january 21 the officer who delivered the check in seemed to be in a hurry to leave those of us who were busy didn t know that the table was broken the access card was half peeled off you have to complain 1 x 24 hours when you check out everything is charged to me my deposit is deducted by 800 rban we just have to accept remove without clear details real review. always error and sometimes i can t find any apartment near my location please fix your application. very bad ui. the application doesn t work the screen just goes white. bad service on the day of check in the unit was damaged the unit that was replaced was very dirty insects were everywhere the sofa was smelly and black the food equipment smelled like cockroaches parking problems are told to be taken care of by yourself when you have taken care of it yourself there must be a rental letter which must be given directly by travelio very disappointing. the annual rental promises that the unit will be checked and cleaned first in fact it s still all dust cockroaches everywhere even though it s not a cheap unit a lot of equipment is broken they promise to fix this and that but in reality after 2 days everyone disappeared no one could be contacted chat not answered phone not answered i wanted to ask for a power of attorney from the owner to request parking and wifi but travelio also didn t respond to the person who helped with the checkin the after sales are really bad. bad business rules you can t extend for more than 1 night application loading takes so long. this is a real shity application for sure i ve announced all my friends to never ever use it i used this application for a weekend in bsd apartment and i ve to wait for an hour for checkin bcoz the pic was late to show up and didn t explain us for wifi kitchen and other he just left the gas run out before we start it by midnight a pic text me to fix it never finished till c o time we can t contact directly with the owner or pic and the response is very poor from their chat application you should just shutdown the application. do not use this application if you want to lose your deposit money. the application features are broken i ve tried to search an apartment and i got blank screen i even tried many times and it s not getting better so laggy and the ux is awful. customer service service is slow there are problems with getting through and the response takes a really long time and can t be relied on if you wanted to request a showing of the unit it took too long to confirm from travelio so someone else immediately took the apart unit the application has too many bugs can t open some features. the travelio team asked to be invited to make a fuss communication between check in customer service and show unit was not connected now there is damage to the air conditioner people are even careless and don t bring a ladder where the air conditioner is above you have to take a ladder the sink was leaking repaired it and made it even worse. first time ordering here the service was really bad checking in i asked for half past 3 the new room was cleaned and ready at 4 o clock and the bed cover has blood spots even though it s been washed i m still disgusted not worth the price. bad experience renting an apartment on travelio from the start the provisions were not explained deliberately trapping the client no bed sheets provided paying for parking was said to be 200 0 month but it turned out to be 400 0 the parking card didn t say that it had to be returned when the rental was completed suddenly they were fined 300 0 for not returning it we don t know how to pay for electricity you have to find out for yourself wow that s really not professional at all it s better to rent directly from the building. the water and electricity calculations were fraudulent i suffered losses due to water and electricity bills that i didn t use. freezing most of the time your customer service is not helping at all useless what a pathetic experience it was all the staff operations and customer service are worst ever guys before you install or use this application please take a look at the 1 star review first to give you an objection if you expect nothing then install if you expect something then don t. to enter the application it often takes a long time to load and you even have to force close it first. customer service slow respond difficult to enter the unit the check in process is also unclear and you have to wait hours to check in it s been complained and ignored excellent. the application is slow and often crashes. customer service super slow. i only lived for 2 months just to sleep and work in fact i only use the kitchen to cook instant noodles i didn t know that there was a light on the back that didn t turn on now i was told to replace the bulb the air conditioner was not cold i was told to pay for the air conditioner service. customer service slow response cannot change the number of guests. just downloaded the application and even when i just started to set what my criteria of searching was the application was lagging and showing no results instead stuck on the searching page not great imo. the application was slow at checkout time there was no one there and they were told to leave the key in the unit because the apartment wouldn t accept it even though they had said early checkout putting customers on the bad side if there is a loss of bad goods just this once is enough second be prepared for your deposit money to be held up for a long time for various reasons. the ad banner says free ipl but i don t know. the service standards for each staff unit are different lots of hidden costs there is an option to help you manage your parking subscription when booking on the application but don t believe it ha ha give up. application is buggy and unstable using both the application and whatsapp to communicate is confusing checkout process and deposit transfer are not transparent and customer service is not helpful for a 1 night stay this application may be ok but long term don t even think about it you ll end up paying a lot more than the listed price. constant error on samsung note 9 when looking for an apartment. regarding the deposit travelio building management has already conveyed it at the beginning the deposit will be returned 7 working days after the electricity water invoice is issued and invoices are issued every 5 10th of the first month i have the proof so why was travelio calling me this afternoon saying deposit refunds could only be made next month march 1 how come it happens like this. management sucks don t expect your deposit back travelio always avoids asking about deposits. travelio s magic words make you hang please be willing to wait asked for confirmation that those words would come out again first and last no more using travelio. not meeting our expectations prepare to be disappointed if you use this application not recommended i prefer traveloka much better than this application. cheaters scammers never use this application guys. i once rented an apartment here the tenant could not be contacted the order could not be canceled and the money was not returned. for users please be careful this is really not true this is fraud if there is a damaged item in the unit even though it s not our own fault but travelio party unilaterally directly cut from the deposit even though it s not our fault beware no longer rent here. i ve booked and paid the deposit a few days before all equipment should be listed and damage checked before checking in such as air conditioning and others not when i m inside it ll get dirty later that s it when i called i was told that the air conditioner repairman was coming on friday i had been waiting and no one came oh it just came on monday when i was at work there was only an old mother there where to be picked up in the basement do you want to tell your mother to pick you up in the basement. they need to balance their application and their operations got the pics so good on the application but not with the reality dusty tv remote is not working lamp is not working cockroaches are everywhere i m leaving the unit immediately event while their operations team is there try to solve it by contacting the customer service they said to wait until the end of today and they will send their technician and pest controller they should do check everything before try to ask for mediation to move but there can t be any refund. shity service as they don t care how valuable the time is for their customers simply uninstall. there was a lot of information that was not clear and when i checked in it was discovered such as renting an apartment for 1 month you have to pay for parking for 2 months and it was said that this was the responsibility of the renter and travelio was hands off. the application is not clear the payment can t be refunded i want to check in i told you before 5 hours then i was told i still waited until 1 hour and didn t come fraudster. rented out all. sorry i m giving 1 star because it s really complicated to rent an apartment here the roomboy doesn t contact the check in process until after check in time and the customer has to contact customer service cannot contact via wa ask for internet pass id must review first gosh even though we pay for the internet it s not free it makes things this difficult even though i previously rented using travelio the service was good now it s a big no for the next rental if the process is this complicated. the deposit return process is very difficult after processing it turned out that the deposit was not 100 refunded i only received idr 90 0 from a total deposit of idr 3 350 0 there is no explanation why the deposit was deducted i tried contacting customer service but didn t get a satisfactory answer and even tended to go around in circles for those who want to use travelio s services you should consider it again so you don t experience losses like i experienced. so many hidden fees i regret renting here i got dirty room old air conditioner didn t work properly slow wifi connection and the roomboy borrowed my cellphone to check wifi but he just wanted to rate himself bad attitude but the billing for water and electricity is very high not recommended. probably indonesia s best and biggest daily apartment application unfortunately they still have a big homework when it comes to customer support and room quality they market that all rooms are wifi ready turning out wifi ready doesn t always mean it has a functional internet connection during my recent one month stay they weren t able to fix the internet and kept blaming the owner for disconnecting it rooms are always dirty during my multiple use customer support is not helpful either. do not book using travelio as an intermediary between consumers and apartment units travelio s service is very bad i booked to stay for more than 14 days every day i was emotional because the communication with the customer service was disappointing from the first day of checking in the wifi was completely dead every day you had to ask to get an answer from customer service we will check we will fix it etc the proof is that no one came and when we checked out the wifi was still off even though i rented it because i was work from home and the wifi went dead so what s the point waste of money. do not use this application if you are planning to book an apartment for more than 2 3 days they are not helpful in managing parking and i paid for 11 days staying in one of their listed apartments no internet for 11 days i stayed here worst experience ever they told me to put access card in the room when checking out while i need access card to go down do i need to jump from 19th floor or something first last experience using travelio think 10x before you book. fraud cyber crime please police arrest travelio owner rented apartments not given muncie cancelled money not refunded. fraudster ready to rent condominium after paying even given a dirty apartment refund not processed please contact cyber police to follow up on travelio s fraudulent method which is very detrimental to the indonesian people. rented a unit at kalibata city apartments from october december 2020 always asking to be sent a water and electricity bill every month but it was only sent in january 2021 for the amount of 1 700 0 however the payment link couldn t be opened chat to customer service and the field staff didn t respond the way it worked was unprofessional so we couldn t pay the bill because the link was error we object if we are deemed not to have paid and deduct from our deposit the amount of rp 30 0. fraud renting a condominium is written as ready after being paid but instead we are given a cheap type of apartment we cancel but the money is not returned and there is no response. complicated process when checking in it was made 14 30 disadvantaging the customer the apartment unit was not suitable but was sold to the customer air conditioner is hot the bathroom leaks dirty room. don t use travelio if you have already booking invite the staff to go over the unit and see all the condition of the furniture and electronic equipment if you can also check all the bed sheets and take photos because if not they can cut the customer s deposit as well as you do without prior notification not too more the check in procedure is very complete where customer must follow the schedule of the travelio officer wifi that is just for display the unit has a very dusty floor really severe. don t rent here scammers just because there are milk stains on the sheets a small security deposit deposit doesn t come back be careful i m very disappointed. bad experience long term rental bad room condition bad response from customer services slow application rather use another rental option in jakarta. keeps advertising spam noisy annoying useless once used advertisement for 2 years non stop renting an apartment with noisy advertisements. throughout history i have stayed in hotels from 5 to 2 stars this is the first time the deposit has been deducted because of dirty towels hehehe imagine dirty towels 1 we are hotel kids and we know that just bleaching is done because it s not a stain 2 if you don t want to get dirty don t give me white towels for me personally i won t recommend travelio to others for sure. from the beginning check in was problematic many items in the unit were damaged from the air conditioner not being cold the unit was still very dirty i complained so many times that i got emotional 3 days later a new technician arrived when we checked out we both checked the condition of the unit together with their room boy it was safe eh when the deposit was returned almost 1 4 million was deducted on the grounds that the sofa needed to be washed the inside of the cupboard was damaged etc even though it was in that condition from the start when i was the one who was told to pay for the cleaning costs i never even used the cupboard while i was staying. i regretted renting an apartment here obviously there were no plates or spoons when i was in the apartment but when i checked out i was told to replace it which is 100k more annoyed. replace gallon water no wifi out of stock must be refunded. deposit is not returned. i have used travelio many times check in is always 30 to 60 minutes late it s repaired again. air conditioner service is very late if i m in a good mood i ll change it if i don t forget update 15 20 still not coming wait for the appointment at 8 to 9 am. the chat feature is not good especially if you want to contact the room boy is it different for the purpose of the chat thread to be hit equally it s best to provide a separate chat thread to be able to contact the room boy just like in the messenger application different contacts have different chat threads i wanted to reply to the room boy s message but it was too late so i m sorry or if that s not possible just include the room boy s personal contact. the deposit money took a long time to be returned not recommended. the service is really bad auto uninstall. no phone customer service and whatsapp message response are a bit slow i got a unit where they use password key door that weirdly resets itself every month without letting you know giving you new password so now i wait for the customer service response for around 1 hour and i cannot leave my room. the application often lags and crashes sometimes chat with the operational team is often delayed and not conveyed to the relevant team. the mattress is dirty. poor customer complaint service refrigerator repairs were not completed for almost a month when followed up always with the excuse of waiting for confirmation from the owner look at other customer reviews the issue is the same if there is no improvement this application is no longer recommended for use.