it is necessary to improve the response to customer complaints reported several times regarding seepage in the rented unit it took several responses to be followed up and was passed here and there via application email even wa there needs to be communication with customers regarding extending the unit or not it s very unfortunate it s still h 13 before check out the unit will be extended but someone has already booked without confirmation from us as renters moreover we are monthly renters even for 1 year. the service when you first want to check in is friendly the hours are also on time but in my opinion when there is a problem for example there is not enough soap there are no towels there are no mops he said he wanted to deliver it but he never delivered it the most annoying thing is when the gas runs out then offered to buy it yourself and then reimburse it until now it hasn t been replaced for months he said he asked for a photo before it was finished i didn t think about that and we weren t told to do it either the sop is not clear we make it complicated. thank you for being responsive and friendly by the way please replace the bathroom door handle can t close it properly. the staff service is ok the equipment is complete but can t be used tv microwave the mattress is so thin that it makes noise and feels springy. the application is sometimes slow in chat still needs a lot of improvement for the cleaning and checkin team ok and on time. the place i rented currently is much better than displayed on the application however the application themselves are far from reliable i m on android os there were no notifications at all it made so much trouble during checkin as their pic on site did not want or was not allowed i don t know he never replied when i asked about this to give me his direct contact for faster response so i had to wait almost 1 hour in the lobby while frequently checking the application if there was any new message. want to believe travelio is reliable for fulfilling our relevant needs some suggestion i want to see in next transaction confirmation email should include details of transaction booking entry should not be missing from application chat features in application should improve sometimes i have to wait half a second per letter to write in the chat even better if there s a proper issue ticketing system where i can track down my issue resolution progress. the application was good but there s a problem the staff was begging me to give him a 5 star rating he contacted me for 3 days non stop he said it was for contract related purposes if this was a rule from your company then you better stop. chat communication features are difficult payment unit search are good. good promo but the chat feature with customer service doesn t appear. the application is slow the staff shows ok check in is easy the staff is also very cooperative and informative customer service chat is less responsive. i ve booked and i ve paid but it doesn t appear in the application only get email. it s very easy to find an apartment ui ux needs to be improved again customer service sensitivity and understanding of customer complaints is still lacking hopefully in the future you will improve and be better. promo notifications appear smoothly but much more important notifications such as chat don t appear talk about priorities. very useful application for house or apartment rental facilities suggestions for travelio customer service must be improved because communication often fails to capture the meaning conveyed reduce or eliminate pending status after booking hopefully it will improve even better. great concept but not so great service twice the staffs were an hour late because they were scheduled somewhere else. i use my nickname kachi after i have said a lot then the deposit is finalized next time for the deposit if the time has passed the refund will be processed immediately no renters have to ask first. excellent idea but needs refinement in execution. the price sometimes differs from what we see on advertisement. initially gave 5 stars because of the smooth process at the start booked for 1 year by the way on my 2nd min now i see why some wrote negative reviews regarding service billing team response is so slow and unprofessional after weeks ask for clarity from bm hello i booked from this application not directly to the developer and the problem lies in your attention to detail and transparency in the excluded prices not the building s management fault so obviously i want to talk to you not anyone else. lots of choices the pictures match the reality it s easy to use the price is affordable but the application often asks for updates. overall quite okay but suddenly i need to change my password every other application doesn t need me to regularly change password for me it s annoying. the content is quite good only the explanation about the unit is not very detailed ask customer service not answer the questions answered above but directly explain the price discount guarantee etc so i ended up being inconsequential asking what to answer and what it was a shame even though i was initially interested in one of the units but because a crucial question from my side wasn t answered i decided to go to another one needs improvement in terms of handling potential customers it seems imho but if you don t think it s necessary that s also travelio s choice. the application could probably be upgraded again because it is still slow and takes a very long time to load even though the internet is fast maybe there s only a minus in the application for the service thank god it s good. i m disappointed with the existing unit the dusty furniture unit is not clean the white spots are hard to clean but the operational staff are friendly. the application s ux is not good lagging stay apart is good. overall good but very often when you want to make a payment the application crashes and you have to start over from the beginning this makes me lazy to make transactions. as a stand alone the application wouldn t be bad but since they market their rooms over booking com as well it becomes rather exhausting some issues are they will demand a deposit they will also demand id they will require you to manually schedule a check in on their application also the location was about 2 kilometers off if it were a stand alone application it would be 4 star but they way the market it over other providers demand more things from you and don t allow you to cancel it is 2 star. in terms of technology the application is very good all the features for filtering prices locations and photos there are even 360 images but it is very unfortunate that my experience with the roomboy when checking in and checking out was very bad when i checked in i was charged a star on the spot he even asked to borrow my cellphone to make sure it had been reviewed when checking out the appointment was at 10 30 the day before then the next day until 12 00 they didn t show up finally self checkout. for all this is an application that makes it easy to find a place to stay but when i asked via wa the response was too slow and the answer was less than satisfactory like lack of experience and unfortunately we couldn t directly contact the person we would meet at check in. okay if possible the price would be cheaper hahaha. update after complaining on social media and here thank god the refund process went smoothly and was not complicated i appreciate the travelio team for their support hopefully next time there won t be any more difficult cases of refunds in the end i still decided to book another unit thankfully the agents who helped were friendly and provided solutions everything is safe on time looks like it s going to be extended. update from previous rating my case was finally handled well by travelio the travelio team contacted us several times by telephone and tried to find a solution until finally the problem was resolved hopefully in the future travelio management will be better at controlling it so that similar things that are detrimental to tenants do not happen again. everything is okay except for the internet which is still an issue i ll try again later. as for the application themselves there is still a lot that needs to be developed but the roomboy is friendly and responds quickly thank you mas faisal. service is quite good communication with customer service and room boy was also smooth i just couldn t get free wifi because of my ignorance it turns out i had to request it from the management first. communication using travelio application is still difficult phone not answered. it s good the service is good but maybe it could be improved for ease of loading and don t update too often. the unit is clean the travel team is also friendly well equipped it s just that the waiting time for check in is a bit long but its okay recommend it. wasted potential i rented three units with this application 2 in bandung emerald towers and 1 in serpong akasa pure living they actually have clean and decent units and complete facilities but the customer service is substandard especially regarding the internet provider they did not state that the internet is not unlimited they only said it after two weeks of my stay it is very unprofessional and a bit scammy it wasn t like this when i rented the unit in bandung please fix your service. the first time i used travelio the application wasn t very pleasant the chat is also less responsive too luckily the key aka the caretaker sis faisal is super nice and communicative hopefully the other teams will also be more responsive and communicative. the application itself is very good for looking for an apartment room but the service regarding customer service is very disappointing i have ordered a technician to clean the air conditioner at 1 pm but the technician never came on the day and in the live chat he could only say please wait patiently every hour really unprofessional especially since i have paid 80 thousand in advance i am very disappointed update followed up again air conditioner serviced 3 days later so 2 stars. it would be better to be given a setting facility to be able to dark mode because many of my colleagues whose eyes are older are more comfortable reading in dark mode. the staff mas wildan was helpful the booking process was easy and fast the application display was also quite informative what needs to be improved is perhaps the chat feature in the travelio application which takes a long time to load when accessed fortunately chat can be done via whatsapp. it is not always as what the marketing person told you. the initial customer service was less responsive and lacked information but was immediately transferred to someone who was more competent otherwise safe the staff on standby at the location were also friendly and sat ready. update refund already received in the first day of unavailable confirmation thank you hopefully in the future the refund can be done automatically once the property is stated unavailable by the owner original can t do instant refund need to wait 14 working days when the refund takes that long it means our vacation can be ruined due to unavailable funds to order another unit please fix this procedure it is uncomfortable and very unsatisfied experience. overall the facilities in the room are running well but not everything is available such as a hair dryer wifi and dish soap the service from the agent was ok but a bit slow we had to wait for the agent for about half an hour to meet us and be directed to our room and hand over the keys. like this application only for the talk to us service if it is improved it will be better the problem is that it often takes a long time to load and it s difficult to create a new chat. the travelio application is very helpful in finding apartments the menu is very simple and easy however sometimes the application still has bugs especially during the talk to us menu thank you. room access is clear according to expectations the room boy helped with explanations at check in the application is difficult and still needs further development hope you feel at home and comfortable after checking many items were incomplete but there was no information so it was worrying for those of us who deposited needs to be cleaned again the room is dusty. i had a pleasant time using the travelio application although a bit of a problem was that the application sometimes crashed but the stay was enjoyable the room was exactly the same as the photos shown and the room boy was actually very polite and nice the customer service helped too when i was in need of a help. it s better to rent an apartment via this application avoid naughty owners who apparently have arrears here and there furniture doesn t match the description and other complaints. edited because communication is difficult you have to be patient and don t ask for too much help if you ask for just 1 thing you can still help with customer service thank you for the help hopefully in the future communication with customer service can be even better. checked in on time at transpark cibubur but when i was at travelio bandung it was really messy the room was dirty the cupboard was destroyed and they said i got a voucher because i complained but until now there is no information. you must also pay attention to the condition of the air conditioner in the rental unit thanks other things very good. there is input travelio staff asks for customer ratings when checking in and is also directed to give a perfect rating you should let customers experience their stay first before they can assess and give a rating even if there are complaints and bad ratings that should be input for travelio. not bad for an application that provides apartments for rent just a hurdle of the check in procedure that requires to chat the customer service upon check in. although the first experience when i moved in was bad dirty leaking aircon however the team was responsive towards the situation they make sure everything is under control and consider if i am comfortable enough travelio operations people are hospitable however customer service needs to improve. please have customer service on site there so that if the unit has a problem there can be an officer who can quickly check it. the room according to the picture and comfortable need to improve for deposit payment but so far so good. good units provided meet expectations quite easy usage though needs small improvements on some pages in the application. please improve the details of the rental price whether the price listed includes tax or not and for 6 month or 1 year rentals please include details of the monthly unit price not just the total unit price during the rental period for applications in the live chat section please update. request check in at 3 00 there are terms that say staff only wait for 30 minutes what is the point for selecting time to check in if i can t check in in the time i choose such a very bad service for renting apartment provider finally i can check in the staff already apologized because he had to clean another apart and the system didn t have a system that allows the customer to call the staff via application like grab call the driver so this misunderstanding can be avoided please fix and improve. easy process hopefully the price will be cheaper. the room is quite clean according to the price the location is strategic directly to the mall just need routine maintenance the walls are starting to peel off. have used travelio twice the application is easy to use now there is chat media too there are also many choices of apartments with prices apparently cheaper than in other market places maybe the photos of the apartments can be increased. the service for initial check in was satisfactory only for wifi which is still lacking hopefully it can be improved again. please if you make an advertisement for a unit the link goes directly to the unit not to google playstore. my goods have been returned thank you it would be nice to have an option to send via expedition sometimes we come from out of town. the service is great if you have a complaint it s handled straight away it s just a complaint about showing the unit there s no follow up the host is also very friendly helpful so overall it s good hopefully it can be better again tx u. this application is really good very helpful just need to improve the room service check completeness before the customer checks in and resolve complaints quickly. the prices are quite affordable and there are lots of choices the check in process is also quite easy but the application needs to be updated because sometimes it s a bit slow. please complete the database because i can t find any properties that can be rented yearly in the city i m going to. application are okay for easy searching and ordering my input the application can be improved on the ui and ux the chat feature feels really clunky stiff not fast and responsive thanks. it s really easy to find monthly apartment rentals the unit is also complete clean just live in it practical for those who suddenly need it but don t have time to survey the unit it s reliable and the prices are quite competitive recommended it s just that if there is a chat notification tap it when you enter the application you have to restart from the beginning it would be more convenient if you could automatically enter chat but this is really minor. easy to use but rather expensive compared to other similar booking application. pretty good deal a bit delay in responding the live chat and no phone number given for any urgent matters but overall the staff are friendly polite and helpful. helpful to find accommodation but slightly difficult to use customer service service feature and hard to get in touch with the customer service staff. lots of nice places i recommend you read the reviews good and bad the price is affordable too. the service is quite simple at most it only needs a few improvements to the system such as charge payments using cc which in my opinion is a bit excessive the interest is a bit excessive and the deposit refund process can be shortened for the monthly ones thank you. overall its services were good unless need to improve on application for user experience like improvement and ease for booking and check in. easy to use application we can find almost all apartment units according to our needs which has a good price please just be informed the customer with actual prices not to be hidden and also good facilities our last stay was nicely handled by albar ismail grand kemala lagoon apartment bekasi kindly waiting for deposit refund to my bank account keep up the good work. the service was okay from the start check in was a bit late but there was confirmation from the person for repairs complaints were served 1 x 24 hours air conditioner technicians technicians light repair cupboard rails each had their own expertise cleaning requests were easy and first cleaning times handled well if you have any questions they will be answered well via chat with us and will immediately link to the whatsapp number so that if you forget to open the travelio program you can still read it via whatsapp. you have to deposit and cut at the end for your electricity and water usage. at the start of msk apart there were actually a lot of shortcomings the pillows are flat and dirty the toilet seat is loose the wifi doesn t work and the photos of the room are different from the original but travelio is quick to respond to complaints and the electricity water costs are reasonable not excessive deposit returns are also fast less than 7 days. talk to us feature is not very helpful the article only says press the live chat button but i don t know where the live chat button is the contact us feature will be answered by a bot which only gives yes and no options and if you press no then the live chat button still won t appear and the cleaning crew officers are often late for various reasons initially the live chat feature with customer service was very slow and even laggy but recently there has been progress regarding this feature. application not the worst but the staff is the worst just use travelio once the roomboy doesn t understand the property he s handling literally doesn t understand anything the wifi doesn t work customers guests are told to wait for a technician the access card doesn t work only contacted on the day of check out the deposit refund is complicated the customer service is really not smart everyone if i could give it a minus i would give it a minus very bad service. the application itself is fine and helpful for finding accommodation however the service is horrible it was difficult for me to check in and contact the room boy i waited 3 hours just to get the room ready and the key the customer service is rather slow and doesn t seem to connect with the room boy please improve your service. good and useful application for users who need a unit but it is managed by a group of elementary school children who do not have a clear sop for handling user complaints starting from the rental process entering the unit or reporting damage. the application is very good the business idea is good the field execution is very bad likes to cheat by sending billings that have already been paid maybe the ceo coo needs more money to pay thr suggestions for improving the sop in the field please do more training hr please be stricter on the rules and the sanctions are very bad for hospitality and service when you enter you have to clean cigarette butts and pet hair very uncomfortable. its a good application too see the details of each apartment easy to book but not recommended property agents give me better service than this application as in for internet cleaning price it looks cheap to rent from travelio but in fact they have so much additional cost not on time and dirty floor plate carper you name it they are all dirty they said they have internet but they don t asking me to pay more but when i agree to do so they say i have to ask permission from unit owner bad. update there have been many improvements the room boy is easier to contact and the check in process is faster the price is the same as a 3 4 star hotel but the service is very bad the check in process was complicated and long communication with the room boy was difficult. ok quite satisfactory strategic location but the room i got was really lucky yesterday i checked in 2 rooms in the same apartment but it turned out the contents were different the first room was a bit clean the second room was a bit dirty and not well maintained so it wasn t rich it s pretty well standardized regarding the kmr it s ok everything else is pretty good. the service is long winded the overall facilities are not clean the balcony is dirty the roomboy mas farhan is friendly the qc is not thorough the costs are dirty there are other guests cds in the cupboard it s really bad. the brother who helped with checkin was quite helpful in making a report because many items were damaged and unfit for use regarding the condition of the unit 1 the broken table has been broken the balcony door cannot be locked the air conditioner is not cold the window curtains were broken the pillow is not suitable for use and now we are still waiting for a replacement pillow the wardrobe is too small there are no clothes hooks the balcony lights are broken the bathroom lights are flickering the internet is off the wall clock is off many of the equipment on the checklist are missing. every problem is always answered well but the problem is not resolved at all complained again and again the result is still the same just sweet promises after a while i developed diabetes because i consumed too much of travelio s sweet promises. great experience waiting for the room boy for nearly 2 hours to check in ruined my schedule amazingly unbelievable maybe decent application but bad service just plain terrible. in terms of how easy it is for millennial children to find an apartment it s indeed appropriate but when i was in the unit and there was a problem the customer service didn t help at all always looking for excuses and just telling me to wait yes just get ready to solve problems with bm or others yourself tip don t add any extra services when booking because if there is a problem you will have to take care of it yourself travelio doesn t take care of it even if you are entitled to a service and have already paid for it. check instagram before ordering. waited 1 hour to check in the in application chat took a really long time finally i called travelio directly and it drained my credit quite a bit luckily the tenants were friendly and willing to compensate for late check out. the air conditioner in the main room was broken the room boy was promised that at 9 o clock he could get service from a technician but it was already past 9 o clock when i called the call center and he said he still wanted confirmation my schedule has all shifted room boy hanif gave me a number to contact but after calling the number was out of service that s my problem update the technician came at 2pm and my air conditioner was fine but there was damage to the cable from the unit owner maybe coordination is needed in the future thanks. ordered a daily apartment but the night before the day i was told the unit was not available finally the process for a refund the refund process was quite easy i increased my rating. thank you to dwiki customer service for resolving my complaint i don t know if he is team leader supervisor or customer service complaint handling i am happy with the way he dealt with the customer who was complaining hard i hope all customer service like him. the staff is good and on time at check in the rooms are also nice and clean. if you could have the facility to change the display menu to dark mode it would make it easier for older eyes to read.