clean and fast service. the unit corresponds to the picture the room boy is on time and good. superrbb application. good room boys. good friendly good friendly staff. the roomboy service is friendly the facilities are also good. this is the first time using the travelio application to rent an apartment unit for 1 month s rent the unit is clean and comfortable the application is very helpful and makes it easy to choose according to the tenant s needs and desires. the unit is clean and comfortable and the completeness of the unit is all functioning well. the staff is good and on time at check in the rooms are also nice and clean. very helpful mr satria s friendly rom boy. the roomboy was very helpful and kind. informative fast and friendly handling. husein s staff was punctual friendly and very helpful. easy to use application. good application. good seller. highly recommended the unit met expectations the roomboy was also friendly arrived on time and really helped with the check in process the room is clean and smells good all stuff works fine. affordable price clean unit polite room boy overall good. friendly staff. thank you mr andi rifaldi nice clean unit. very helpful. directed by mr zahranb download travelio. thank you mas andi the unit is okay and the service is friendly. akbar room boy was very helpful once we wanted to check in. easy to book the service is good and respond. thanks bro it s going smoothly. hopefully we can do better in the future in handling customer complaints. satisfactory service. very helpful application for renting apartments well maintained units lots of unit choices fast customer service response deposit back within 2 days lots of promos too overall great. the application is cool rent an apartment from here it s clean the rooms are well maintained the response is also fast and what s certain is that the price is cheap and cheap the best deal is basically. with travelio application the deposit was returned in 2 days and the apartment unit was clean and tidy i was really satisfied with renting the apartment here the customer service was also fast responding good looking basically. excellent service mas is kind and funny. the application is very helpful suitable for those who are on holiday or just stopping by especially since there are many unit choices and fast response customer service. the customer service is friendly and responds quickly it s best if you ve been served that way because when you need something it s fast plus there are lots of promos every weekday or weekend so your pockets don t get thin. book via travelio there are lots of promotions the customer service also responds quickly. the application is very easy to use for young and old people friendly customer service service good roomboys and on time roomboys very smooth accommodation without any problems you won t regret staying here. very good and extraordinary apartment rental application no problems fast response customer service and extraordinary customer understanding very happy to be able to use this good application and i will continue to use it in the future for my apartment rental needs. highly recommend this application to anyone looking for temporary housing every unit i rent is always clean and well maintained the room boy is always on time and friendly making my stay more enjoyable the price is also a good deal plus there are many choices of units that can be adjusted to your needs customer service is responsive and quick to respond to any questions or problems. order an apartment via the application there were a few problems but the customer service helped with their friendly and fast response and i got a unit that was suitable comfortable clean most importantly i got a price discount promo. friendly service. very clean room easy to book and very informative room boy. travelio is highly recommended it s very easy to rent an apartment the apartment is also clean and the unit is well maintained the customer service is also very fast responding satisfaction is guaranteed. the roomboy friendly service with mas alfan the unit is also clean. thank you travelio. the application is very helpful so you won t be confused anymore if you want to look for an apartment for the daily weekly or even monthly basis many choices of apartments the location is also okay. good application for finding apartment rentals the choice of units is large and varied the unit is well maintained and clean plus there are lots of promos for new customers. the application is good easy to make a booking the room boy is also friendly and helps with what we need the room was clean and during the stay it was smooth until check out. so far using the travelio application there have been no problems always get a good deal it really helps me when i want to travel while at the accommodation it was also smooth that s great. traveling becomes even more fun with travelio you can stay in an apartment at an affordable price. just found out there is this application it really makes it easy to find accommodation quickly easily just download the travelio application then enter the date you plan to check in or stay along with the place you are going type of accommodation length of stay it s really complete you know there are many choices of units ranging from apartments villas houses we can choose daily monthly to yearly there are lots of promotions too so you can find a good deal in terms of application it is also very easy to use. the travelio application is really helpful for finding a house to rent the house for rent is clean and as long as i sit there there are never any problems and there are also many choices of units to rent so don t be confused just adjust it to each budget. the umpteenth experience is always smooth check in and check out. the best without delay. good service. thank you mr andi rifaldi good unit. the unit is ok according to it. staff service is very good. check in smoothly room clean when occupied. clean room. thank you andi rifaldi for your great help. ok great. good application booking is appropriate. very easy to rent daily apartments and the checkin process is easy. the staff is friendly but the live chat takes a while to answer maybe it s high season again usually quick response. good friendly travelio rom boy application. ok sir satria. good service. internet access is quite adequate. the service is good and friendly. the customer service operational staff and response times were great they were quick to help and made the whole process smooth. great unit and location. friendly roomboy check in was fast and neat. make sure the unit is clean. okay clean unit. nice place good environment. nice application easy booking and fast response for booking hotels or apartments nice assistance of room boy. the facilities are okay the kitchen equipment could probably be cleaned so it doesn t get dusty the rest is okay. rom boy on behalf of mas satria is very kind and friendly. very good. easy check in affordable price. smooth experience when checking in. always making us comfortable very polite roomboy and good staffing thank you so much travelio. good service friendly room boy clean rooms. great application great rooms affordable price. easy to use to order apart. the service is fast even if there are mistakes on our part thank you. very helpful thank you. incredibly helpful. satria s rom boy is very kind. served by mr mirzan great. nice friendly. checkin process is so simple unit as picture. great unit and team support. application is very helpful rom boy on behalf of mas satria is very friendly and kind. the room boy is very friendly. an application that makes it very easy for apartment unit renters i highly recommend for those who want to staycation or stay temporarily good service prices are right and lots of payment options well done travelio i hope there will be more good and more responsive units. the room boy was a revelation polite friendly and on time. good price is ok. rom boy is kind and friendly thank you mr satria. nice room and service from roomboy. neat room. the rooms provided match the picture and are comfortable friendly and timely service. makes it easier to find ready apart units. fast check in process. mas agus as roomboy is friendly and punctual the unit is clean stable. service is okay prices are okay units are okay. fast process place according to picture. mr iksal as roomboy was very helpful and punctual. so perfect for the first time the entry process was quick and easy the room was also nice and clean the response from the customer service and roomboy was also quick thank you travelio. clean unit friendly roomboy. affordable price and practice space. easy to use. nice service very cooperative guy and fast response. convenience for living. nice apartment responsive staff. good roomboy on time and polite the unit is clean. excellent service thank you. good application. the application is easy to use and very helpful. friendly service. great best service. the service is good the response is fast and the place is comfortable. good service. nice place and good view. good service. fast service. always satisfied with the service at travelio which is very very helpful. good nice room. fast process and clean room. polite room boy during check in and supportive. thank you bro the unit is good. strategic location the rooms are comfortable and the staff are very friendly. the room is clean. excellent service. ok guided and helpfull. satisfying service very helpful. well served by staff named raihan. it was very helpful to find a place that met expectations. great the staff are friendly. service okay room okay clean complete according to expectations. application is very good rom boy on behalf of mas satria is very friendly and kind. it s really ok to use travelio. the place is clean according to the budget and there are quite a lot of things available. the service is great. the check in process is easy communication with the staff is also smooth it s easy and the price is affordable. units are appropriate. comfortable clean recommended. simple and easy process. good services. the check in process is faster which is good. good service. travelio is very helpful in finding short term housing i stayed 1 month thanks to rizky who served us all night. easy check in clean rooms. ok great good recommendation. service is fast and good. good experience. helpful application for looking for a place to stay the service was good and fast response. friendly and easy service. the check in process was easy the staff was very helpful. good service and highly recommended. helps a lot on booking the accommodation. good job i like it. the staff is very friendly and on time too thank you travelio. hadi kusuma thank you the check in process was very easy and very helpful. everything is good. the service is good. great everything went smoothly. overall okay but the application can be improved sometimes there are 3 glitches. rom boy mas satria is kind and very fast in helping with the check in process. good experience and friendly officers especially mr adji from the operations team thank you travelio. so far the service is okay. first time using travelio but very satisfying fast response and also very helpful in making it easier for me to find comfortable housing please keep it up. the service is ok helped quickly. the service is good the unit is neat. the room is comfortable my friends and i like it thanks. quite good come back sometime. very helpful for finding great accommodation. great application very helpful. clean and cheap. the rooms are nice the service is good. the service is okay friendly the rooms are nice neat and clean. helpful guy. nice room. good service and good place very clean room. good application. the check in process is easy the room is neat and the furniture is all of good quality cleanliness is also well maintained recommended. nice successfully checked theo was very helpful. very good service. very helpful staff. for checking in on time the staff is also very helpful. good solid. checking in was easy the room was quite good and clean the room boy on behalf of hadi was friendly polite and kind recommended for this unit. the place is okay the check in process and service are very good especially sir who was very helpful. nice and tidy. that s good yeah. overall satisfied keep it up. the apartment is clean and delicious i really recommend it. easy fast and practical. best service. fast good response. good service and enjoyable experience. service fast thank you. roomboy fathuri sofyan gusmar service ok. the place is really comfortable neat clean basically really comfortable. the rooms are comfortable and the mas are good. for units according to application check in was easy room boy nanda was nice and on time. the staff on behalf of rafly are friendly and professional the apartment rented is also good. easy process. good service easy checkin thank you. good clean okay comfortable. competitive prices easy process. quick and easy. satisfying easy way to rent an apartment. rent a comfortable apartment here. good view and good service. the application is easy to use and the service is good. great indeed. good service by mas chairul. good service. arrived on time good friendly service. on time. the staff is very helpful and friendly making requests or questions very easy. competitive prices and on time. helpful recommended for travelers. great the room is clean soft mattress nice kitchen set. room boy good service friendly and neat unit thank you travelio. good ambience service and clean at all the room boy was very helpful thank you. nice place and very friendly roomboy. thank you mas alfikri patiently waiting the room offered is ok and there is a replacement option if the room is not available thank you. really good. comfortable and clean place. good service neat unit and everything works. nice apartment clean and easy to reserve. neat clean and complete place. thank you travelio for making my stay easy the process wasn t difficult and the room was clean. fast friendly on time service booking assistance from start to finish checking the room. easy application fast process responsive and friendly service. the service is good. ok good clean fast response. fast concise concise. the rooms are nice and clean and comfortable. thankyou travelio. very practical and easy the room boy is friendly and punctual. very good service. the service is okay just found out you can check the apartment here. good service okay unit excellent. the service was good the staff were very friendly and accommodating. pretty good. easy check in process. friendly roomboy. great success. comfortable apartment and complete facilities easy check in process roomboy is also informative. good service. application really helps rom boy on behalf of mas satria very well. the check in process was smooth and the room boy was helpful. so recommended. friendly and good service. service is very good and fast. good place very clean and comfortable. good the service is good. easy to use great service fast. exceptional. the unit is an okay apartment mas arif is really cool everything is prepared excellently. good service administration helped. the check in process was well assisted the staff are friendly and helpful units are prepared and tidied before occupancy. great unit with complete facilities. fast concise easy to use application. good fast and friendly service by mas dhimas thank you travelio. thank you for service. quite informative helpful and professional. nice place recommended. good service at all for long staycation. comfortable and clean. thank you for the help. comfortableandsatisfying. easy fast and concise. comfortable room worth trying. the service is good quick to answer the phone and can explain various questions. good service and comfortable. the service is good and friendly the application is easy to use. mas sahrul helped with check in it was very easy. ok service faster check in neat room ready to enter excellent. clean room easy checkin on time. best and very friendly service affordable prices. the staff are friendly adrian was very helpful thank you. maximum service steady. great service and clean rooms next rent using the travelio application again. the check in process is easy hopefully the deposit will be returned quickly. simple check in. good hospitality. thank you. application is very helpful and rom boy on behalf of satria is very friendly. very good. good to stay here. good service the unit is always satisfying maintain the service and quality. the unit is clean and ok. the best choice when on holiday comfortable and complete with facilities for families. cool unit clean mas farhan is cool responsive. according to the photo. friendly and good service. good service okay facilities. the admin and his team are friendly and very helpful. thank you mr julham for helping with the check in process. quick response from both customer service and employees who service the apartment. great practical ontime. fast and efficient. very helpful easy process to find your suitable apartment helpful friendly staff. the waiter was kind and friendly with mr m tajudin. pic operational staff andika is quite cooperative and very helpful tq travelio. satisfying service clean and tidy place. it s really recommended for using travelio for holidays or office work it s comfortable clean and the unit is well maintained so you really feel at home basically you don t regret using this original application. sis andry help us to check in smoothly. very good service recommended. ok check in smooth and fast. great experience. right operations room boy great service okay. good service thank you. highly recommended for looking for accommodation. satisfied with service. quick response units ok the view is really okay. the service is good and friendly the rooms are clean fragrant and cool. that s great. complete facilities easy access helpful application the staff was very helpful in the check in and check out process. renting an apartment on the travelio application is really recommended there are many choices of room types that can be adjusted to suit your needs the prices are really the best deal there are lots of promotions compared to others the customer service is also helpful and responds quickly so far i haven t had any significant problems while i ve been using travelio. comfortable room. the application ui is good. great good luck. the operations are friendly the checkin process is smooth topp. the unit is nice and clean comfortable the travelio staff mas hadi kusuma is very friendly and kind. nice experience. nice unit friendly service. a very useful application for looking for lodging accommodation lots of promotions fast service lots of unit choices. good application for looking for apartments for rent the features are attractive and the appearance is user friendly. a very helpful application for our travel needs please try i recommend this application thank you travelio. makes it easy to find a place to stay with friends. checkin is easy and fast. according to time and picture. service is very good and friendly. clean and nice. good job and service for riffan thank you for helping out. the application is very helpful for those who want to find accommodation and the very complete application features available make it easy for users who want to use it which is very helpful. the service is very easy and not complicated just set up straight away prices are also very competitive highly recommended. thank you sir sahrul. room boy on time clean unit. good service nice. very nice apartment clean friendly service assisted by mas farhan. clean unit helpful application friendly room boy. customer service is quite responsive ordering units is easy and reliable. the roomboy is agile and punctual. the operational team is very responsive and honest with the condition of the apartment units being rented thank you. thank you for your help in my check in process thank you also to mas fathuri sofyan who helped me well and deftly in my check in process at the apartment unit i rented via the travelio application. very helpful with the application and rom boy for mama mas satria very back and friendly. the service is really ok. clean unit and fast service. the service is great. cozy place best service. thank you travelio and communicative room boy. good friendly fast and really good. adrian s service is great. recommended application for staycation and others needs thanks for helping us. the check in process was fast and smooth. check in process is easy thank you sahrul for helping with the check in process and moving from the previous unit. the rooms are really nice even above expectations. good application. service ok complete booking facilities using this application i ve booked twice on travelio. nice service. very helpful and easy check in process. travelio officers are very responsive kind the check in process was assisted until completion. good comfortable fast response. easy check in process staff helpful. the service is okay the rooms are clean and smell good really nice. service is quite fast and satisfying. very helpful application good service and the unit obtained is in good condition. that s great miftah. andyca as field operations really helped us. good ramadan. easy to use. served by mas juni good service friendly on time the unit is good clean. first time using the travelio application very easy and good service checked in on time when the officer arrived the room corresponds to the description not disappointed. the service provided by mr hadi kusuma was very friendly and he was very helpful. the service is very friendly and professional. strategic location the staff is very friendly and quick to help recommended for a staycation with family. good application. travelio application is useful for me to confirm my booking and check in they reached out to me and guided me step by step the staff named syahrul was friendly and helpful as well he explained things in a polite manner and answered my questions nicely thank you so much. service is satisfactory. good service choirul huda. easy to use. the application makes travel easier. on time and clean room. makes it easy to find accommodation at your destination. nice to try. very cool the operational team is cool polite friendly the place is clean according to expectations. good experience. the first time i tried using this application it was quite helpful. pretty good service ok. good service. mas ilyas really helped with the check in process smoothly great job. the service is very good. great mas fahmi rizky s service is also very friendly and informative. easy to use. so helpfull. the room is clean and comfortable. accidentally helped to stay in bandung aanya is good at helping. the service is very good thank you. travelio is very convenient and helpful to find apartment accommodation especially for long term stays checked in with the help from mas anggriawan checked every facility in detail also helped me with administration. good service good unit for rent. great smooth and easy. recommendation apartment according to description checkin at the promised time the service is friendly. thanks bro dwi good job and kind service. the staff are friendly their names are faris and solihin. great success. service ok and smooth. friendly service fast process. very helpful. the rooms are clean nice and comfortable. good and useful application for looking for temporary housing service during checkin so far is good hopefully consistent. service is ok mas wanda has helped a lot with management and check in. the service is good the apartment is comfortable. the application is easy and fast. always helpfull application. awesome nice experience with travelio roseville is very luxurious. good place the room boy and technician ate fast response. travelio helped me a lot so far have a good experience. this is good service. check in experience was ok the team was helpful. timely roomboy application helps clean units. the service is good. the service is good mas farhan is friendly the unit corresponds to the photo good condition very comfortable thank you travelio. the place is comfortable and clean. the application is very helpful and the staff are very responsive. the customer service is responsive the room boy is also responsive in responding to questions. excellent service. clean units cold. the service is cool the travelio application is highly recommended excellent. the unit is clean and the service is ok bingity. awesome great application. great service fast checkin. easy booking and comfortable check in process thank you travelio. the operations are very helpful and the application is very helpful. the check in process was easy the staff was very friendly. the officers are cool friendly and serve excellent. rooms are nice and clean. good service. check in was smooth the unit was good. first time using travelio the staff was unexpectedly helpful and active even though at first i was confused because usually the key is in the mailbox they were escorted to the unit and told to check first if there was anything missing you could tell the staff straight away so far i am satisfied with my first experience hopefully the hospitality service will continue to be good and good job. good application. it s really great. good satisfying service fast and clear process. good service fast response. fast response and good and friendly service. immediately found pic pic was easy to contact on the 1st day i was also contacted directly by travelio. very good thanks. thank you mas zaka nice clean unit service is ok great. good service very good unit info assisted with the initial entry process very satisfied. helpful application. the check in process is easy and comfortable. easy check in the room boy was friendly excellent. very suitable. easy check in process comfortable room. good unit but parking is difficult. good fast response. the application is very helpful especially rom boy in the name of mas satria. the unit suits the application thank you mr alfan for your help. aria mukhalisin thank you for your very helpful service. very friendly and fast service complete facilities. the check in process is simple. mas nta is nimble and fast. ok unit ready. good service. good application to find accommodation that you need. the application is very good. check in was easy and smooth the staff was helpful. the service is really good the unit is as shown in the photo. the application was very helpful when checking in the travelio team helped check in and was very helpful the team was very professional and very friendly. fast easy no hassle. the checkin process is clear and easy via mas rizal. great experience with travelio. thank you sir rafi nice and clean unit. use the application to book apartments in the kuningan area the receptionist is super helpful and friendly. it s really easy to find an apartment to rent. andrian was very helpful with the checkin process and friendly. the service from the operational team is very good mas fahmi rizky the best service. the checkin process is easy. the registration process is easy and very easy the apartment unit is also good the compartment is also not bad recommended. travelio was very helpful in providing a solution for those of us who needed a ride while the house was being built moreover the help from mr muhammad alfan was very friendly and explained in detail thanks travelio. the application is very helpful pic ahmad riyandi is very friendly and gives good directions. the service is the best. fast good friendly service the place is neat and clean overall good recommended. ok application user friendly. very satisfactory. first come cool nice kids like it the rooms are okay. the 22t unit is great bright. all good complete facilities. friendly service clean rooms thank you. the check in process is easy and fast and the staff is always stable. ordering is easy fast and reliable please use the application for renting and if you need a place to live. ok service from aa lukman braga. customer service is more responsive the field team is okay. affordable and easy to use. it s very easy to use the application hopefully in the future it will be even better in terms of service. the application is very easy to use and the information provided is also clear so it s easy to place an order via this application thank you. thank you sir very clever. fast response friendly service. the check in process is easy and fast. neat unit according to photos. very good people quickly provide a solution. recommended for long stays and with family. thank you travelio for providing satisfactory service check in was assisted by mr bilal who was very informative and place time next booking at travelio again thanks. thank you for the service. good friendly recommended on time very helpful. very helpful for finding apartments at affordable prices. good place and nice. thank you rido good unit. easy and simple. clean apartment convenient check in. thank you mas fajar very kind. easy to use lots of choices and friendly service. nice and good unit trav ok team. the operations department was ready to welcome me when i arrived at the lobby good job. quick response friendly. manstab mas imam is very informative very helpful the check in process is very easy flexible. thank you sir satria. very helpful application for holidays best. good experience with friendly and helpful customer service. the rooms are neat clean and smell good the staff are friendly and on time. easy to check in helpfull. makes renting easy instant and good. check is easy and fast. good application so far. clean good service. easy ordering strategic unit overall ok. fast response and recommended. friendly room boy clean room. good and polite service clean room complete towels and toiletries complete cooking utensils good view great. checkin was okay and according to the review via travelio. it is easy to use for communication checking in and also asking about deposits the application is easy to use. service is good and friendly. it s good but the fan is dirty with dust. very friendly staff very comfortable place. the room is clean and comfortable. check in time is appropriate on time. thank you sir for your help. the application is not fast loading time is quite long. travelio recommended for prospective rental. clean and comfortable. really good the room given was really excellent clean and comfortable. good recommended. this application is cool and really makes things easier for customers. good service delivered to the room. cleanliness the rooms are very clean and detailed roomboy mas andrian febru is also very friendly and professional. well i am quite satisfied using this travelio application it s easy to understand the customer service and the operational staff are friendly on providing the information and confirmation. the field service staff is good i made an appointment at 15 00 but asked to speed it up cleanliness is also good in the area. easy check in competitive prices. travelio helped a lot. quick response when there are problems thank you travelio. best service fast not long winded. traveli was very helpful in booking monthly rentals clean units helped with check in and parking arrangements. clean the staff is very supportive. thank you for the convenience. the application is very easy to use the service is good. for a cheap price you can get one with a kitchen jose. nice staycation. the application is very good both in terms of ui and ux. the staff is very friendly and punctual hopefully travelio s quality will be further improved in the future. there are many choices of apartments clean units ok service. the ui display is comfortable the ux is also very friendly for beginners staff and customer service service is highly recommended the unit offered is suitable overall travelio is very satisfying. good unit as expected. checked in clean. clean place according to orders and friendly service. thank god everything is easy pic with mas rangga alert and friendly thank you. easy check in process fast customer service response. the service is okay fast and the rooms are clean thank you travelio. clean rooms friendly service regular customers here. good communication clear explanations. application is very helpful. the application helps. fast service friendly and alert staff thanks travelio. the service is okay. practical and the service from the team is very good. good and easy service. friendly service from the room boy on time check in easy procedure. the application is great. fast and steady service. good application easy ordering of apartment units. the application helps the room boy was quick to respond. the application is easy to read and use and there are lots of promotions for rentals too. the application is good. easy and simple interface might have connection issues time to time but smooth transaction. good ordering process. good fast. travelio good operations response very fast lightning easy travelio. the apartment is clean complete with equipment very satisfying highly recommended for a place to stay rooms are spacious very satisfied. such an easy to use application to provide any accommodations whenever i need help me a lot. the room boy service was very friendly and kind and also helped a lot. good application and affordable prices. first time using travellio good experience so far thanks egi for helping with the checking process hopefully there will be no issues during and after the stay. easy to book. clean and fragrant. easy to check in. fast service. good service. i ve been using travelio for a year and it s really the best everything is really easy. the application is very helpful. friendly roomboy clean room according to expectations thank you travelio. last minute check in is easy. fast polite and good response. easy check in and very informative staff. cool easy. it s not unusual for those who have never been but if you ve entered an apartment room it feels more worth it. the service is good the rooms are clean neat and fragrant easy access and well accommodated thank you travelio. very satisfied staying here mimin travelio is very helpful very easy and quick to respond good facilities according to the picture very satisfied. thank you for helping. very helpful staff affordable price strategic location. an application that really helps find a clean and decent place to live. very good service when you enter the room it is already set to cool thank you. good service the boss is really good from travelio so we didn t wait long the apartment is comfortable. the application is very helpful and the staff is very friendly. professional safe and comfortable. mas ahmad riyansyah is kind and helpful the apartment is really good thank you. easy check in assisted by afif staff from travelio excellent. very helpful application friendly roomboy clean unit suardi talib. good service and nice staff. i ve often used travelio the apartment space is definitely cool and won t disappoint. good service and friendly thank you. application is easy to use customer service fast response. the unit is good and has hot water. recommended for those who need accommodation. the service is okay really helpful. complete facilities good thank you. great help from mr yudha parahyangan residence apartment bandung. grand palace kemayoran apartment the unit is very clean comfortable and strategic. found the room was clean and mr ahmad riandy was so friendly and helpful great. sulthon travelio staff really helped with the unit handover process well and on time. smooth process on check in out. the service is fast thank you. great job for service. good service. the staff are kind friendly and the facilities are complete. friendly staff okay unit check in on time. first use this application. the room booking was easy the call center was communicative pretty good. the chat response on the application is quite fast service okay. thank you. fast booking fast response mas revy and the team s help at check in was also very good. nice place good services. it s great the entry is fast the people are friendly. great service clean apartment. fast service and clean rooms. thank you fajar ibrahim so nice and helpful. the price is okay according to the price. good service. clean service is good. thank you mr andi rifaldi travelio. very helpful and the price and facilities are really worth it. there are many choices of apartments and they are easy to use you can find out what facilities are in the apartment because they provide facility units quick quide. helpful staff. good service friendly and fast response recommended. recommended for renting an apartment. the service is friendly and fast both when ordering or checking in. friendly service easy check in. the check in process is easy and fast. easy to use and varied. very satisfying and fast. very good service. the check in process was easy the room boy was friendly. mas erul is the best. very helpful. warm and helpful staff. good service good attitude good experience. the checkin clerk was very helpful friendly service the explanation is quite clear. romboy is lightning fast the best cleanliness is really clean. thank you travelio thanks mas maulidan i ve helped. great service with details. the staff are all friendly and the rooms are clean the service is also ok. the place is clean neat and very comfortable. nice and comfortable. the best application for booking apartments friendly and fast service. good rental application with lots of room references. this application is very helpful i don t know if someone said it wasn t enough but its fine for me travelio admin is also very communicative after we make an order the application is also very user friendly. it s good enough and on time. rented for the second time via travelio good recommendation the application is easy safe great. friendly and kind officers very helpful. service is okay and fast. the unit is neat the officers responded quickly will stay here again thank you travelio. best for looking for an apartment. the service is great. the environment is okay the rooms are okay. the roomboy was very kind and the room was clean. the room is good the staff is friendly. the roomboy was friendly kind clean the check in process was easy. very cool and good. the transfer service from unit to unit this time was ok served by mas adnan please ensure that the quality of service is fast and responsive thanks. the room boy is friendly the service is good. the first experience was satisfying. there are many choices for the apartment i want to go to. there are no problems or crashes in the application the process from start to entry is guaranteed to be safe and fast. the room is clean and as expected. the room is nice according to the photos. apartment ok. the travelio unit is clean the service is cool. this is the second time making a reservation with the travelio application the place is clean comfortable and safe the service is ok on time everything is still great happyvacation. very happy with travelio s fast and responsive service i will recommend to my business friends. renting an apartment from travelio doesn t disappoint with a very good price the property is beautiful and very attractive making travelio always comfortable for a staycation or stay for work. the facilities are quite complete. the application is very helpful in finding temporary accommodation. easy to use travelio best. excellent service the room boy was very helpful the apartment unit matched what was in the application photo thank you. 1comfortable clean friendly room boy. cozy recommended for business trip or staycation. thank you for service especially for the travelio team. ok the unit and the bell boy are good. thank you helped with checking in good job. the service is satisfying. wow the service is really good. the application are really helpful i think i m having problems with the website the room boy was friendly and very helpful. the service is really good the boss is friendly. can communicate via chat. check in and out process is easy. good service cleanliness and very comfortable facilities. the staff were quite friendly and helpful when checking in facilities okay. good and steady. the service is okay the facilities are okay the unit is clean neat and good. the checkin process is easy and convenient. recommended. good service nice neat comfortable for a staycation just good. easy service and friendly employees. friendly staff assisted during the check in process the ui is helpful and not complicated. the location is not far from the station and the shape of the room matches the photo clean comfortable just satisfied. fast service especially easy at checkin definitely use it again. the room boy is on time easy check in matches the photo too. fast practical friendly. good service. the best service is really good. easy to use and makes it easy to find a place to stay during holidays and business trips. fast response very quick 3 days before checking in i called and followed up the agent was friendly sorry for bothering you. the service is very satisfying and friendly. best convenient easy to use application. the check in process is fast. it s great it s sophisticated and you can get along straight away. easy to apply the room is nice. everything is okay facilities and services are okay. easy to access. good service fast response staff. it s been quite good and helpful in finding an apartment the check in process was very easy. checkin at mediterranean palace resd helped by mas ade bachtiar great on time and fast the customer service also contacted h 3 to confirm everything. thank you for your hospitality from the start of the booking process to check in very helpful thank you mas danny travelio. good very helpful. clean place friendly service worth it for families. thank you for your help in bringing my mother using a wheelchair to the unit. very good unit and very good service. very helpful the service was satisfactory the deposit was returned after 1 check out. the service is good the employees are friendly. the service is good. nice service excellent rooms. very nice and helpful thank you travelio. very good service i hope i can stay 10 nights here. ok good service. the application is helpful and the service is good hopefully it will be further improved. good friendly service thank you sir for helping us. good and on time. good and recommended. fast friendly service ready to live in place. makes it easy to order. friendly fast and informative service it was very helpful for the room boy reynaldiansyah to explain about the unit and the procedures and regulations related to the apartment. the application of choice for staycations with family. easy to book and check in. great easy checkin the room matches the photo and is clean. ok service ok great. operational staff is responsive. great experience our room boy was super helpful unit looks great and clean overall a breezy experience. the operational team is very helpful responsive thanks sir ade bachtiar. thank you son for helping me check in. the service is satisfying clean and neat and comfortable the staff is kind and friendly tks travelio. competitive pricing eliminating broker fees recommended travelio s roomboy service kak aldo prasetyo is responsive. thank you for the service that always provides convenience and comfort for those of us who come from outside the city the staff is very friendly the customer service is communicative. mas fauzi is friendly helpful and punctual. nice and easy. good application good price and good unit i was recently booked my unit through this application and it was easy and user friendly mas achmadfauzi very helpful to us for handling the check in. the operations were on time and friendly. ok great. the application is very helpful in searching. helped by bang putra very good service thank you. very helpful to get an apartment quickly. friendly and comfortable. check in is fast and friendly. the application is very helpful informative and easy to use. service okay mas edi s check in team helped. nice rooms neat and good service. easy check in process clean unit. orders here are always reliable. the application is very good and easy to use highly recommended. ok great. thank you sir it s very kind. the service is good the officers are also alert. satisfied and according to the picture. the service was satisfactory immediately taken to check in so there was no confusion. checkin was very smooth assisted by mas gunawan the room was okay. friendly service detailed explanations fast check in good unit service and facilities. good ok. competitive and comfortable rental prices useful application. good service fast friendly. very great application so usefull. easy to use very helpfull staff and the customer support quite fast to respond to my inquiries. very helpfull. booking is easy and fast the check in process is also safe there are always friendly staff to help continued success travelio. thank you mr yuda travelio bandung for your satisfactory service hopefully another day i can stay here again. the service is easy and interactive. first time renting an apartment at travelio for a month overall okay the rooms are clean and match the photos in the application continue to improve service for customer satisfaction. a highly recommended application for staycations. the application is ok easy booking informative too thank you. application that helps travelers and people who are selective about residential units so far travelio is unbeatable both in terms of practicality and in terms of communication between users and residential tenants and even the developers themselves sometimes intervene. first experience of staying in an apartment using travelio everything went smoothly from booking check in to check out the complete facilities in the unit we lived in were in accordance with the list and everything functioned well overall it was very enjoyable to stay using the travelio application with the family and we highly recommend it for your next stay thank you to travelio agent mas wildan who helped with the check in process. good experience i checked in late but the person in charge of the unit was also helpful and easy to contact the unit i ordered was also in good condition very comfortable to live in thanks travelio. good application for booking rooms. the staff is very helpful. mas gunawan gave a good setvicd on time. ok service fast response. that s good. steady fast and responsive. very good service. great waiter fast and friendly. the service is satisfactory thank you alfan for making the check in process very easy. the service is friendly and fast response. alhamdulillaah it makes it easier to find a place to stay the quick chat in the application is also answered really quickly. good service nice and helpful customer service. the staff is friendly very helpful. great service. staff is very responsive and helpful 5 stars. the application is very helpful the prices offered are also affordable and the service provided is very friendly. easy to use many options to choose from and the most important is friendly staff. easy to use application. the service is good the response is fast and reliable. the application is quite good but it takes time to adapt the interface or travelio service procedures. love the service. it makes it very easy for travelers to find a room to rest the helper is humble hopefully the future will always be better thank you. the unit is clean the roomboy is friendly. friendly staff and good care. satisfactory service good unit. easy to access just easy. user friendly. the process is safe and clear the roomboys are also friendly. service is really good. good service. the staff are friendly and the support is good. last minute booking fast response within 2 and a half hours as promised by travelio apart 2br rent is well accomodated the staff sabila was fast response too new to the application so far it s easy and fast. good service nice clean room. awesome good. evening checking in was easy and informative thank you. thank you for your service mas vishnu. easy checkin process. good service. good service and fast response from roomboy an samson. the waiter is good and satisfying. good service and response. staff checked in on time friendly informative neat unit. service is quite satisfying unit cleanliness is good just not familiar with the system at travelio. the service is okay. the staff is helpful and friendly. just checked in the reception officer from travelio was friendly and very helpful thank you mas fatir. the check in service was easy and as expected thanks for your help mas alif yhn. comfortable friendly staff nimble and clear enough overall okay. mas anton mas yoga the best thank you for your hospitality. safe ordering process okay service the unit i rented was cool. clean room and good service. good cheap price ok service. first time using travelio good service. roomboy is very helpful unit cleanliness is clean. good service and staff. it s a good application. the service is good effective the roomboy is also friendly and accommodating. the service is great thanks travelio mas ahmad. there are many choices of apartments that i can choose from with various types of rooms according to my needs when staying with my family with clean facilities and rooms and affordable prices it is really worth it to use travelio s services. good application friendly staff easy booking check in and check out. friendly service and fast process. service is satisfying and fast. mas gunawan was very helpful to us for handling the check in patiently while i m late at the time mas gunawan was very helpful. clean steady next gonna use this application again. good experience easy to operate. fast clear and detailed service. the mainstay application when you want to book apart. travelio is easy to use and there are many choices of units and the prices offered are also varied. easy to use application and good service keep up the good work. there are many choices of apartments the units are also comfortable and complete. easy to use the service is good and the staff is really helpful. since using this application it has become easy for me to find the unit that i want apart from that it is really guaranteed plus there are promotions which are definitely profitable i won t regret renting a unit through this application i really recommend using this application. there are many choices of apartments and the prices are ok. yoga paltrow service is great. the application is very helpful and the information provided is quite complete the rental units comply with standards and the operational team responds quickly. first try going out of town using this application it s not bad service okay response okay. the apartment is nice the staff is friendly the facilities are complete. the application helps to make it easier to find apartments in the jabodetabek area and the prices are quite affordable. why have you been living for a long time if you have a budget of a million you can live in a fully furnished apartment complete with lots of facilities masha allah. very good application the customer service is also very responsive truly one of the best services of all time. the customer service service is very communicative and fast response the application is user friendly and makes it easy for us to find cheap apartments with good quality. very satisfied with using travelio. been using travelio since 2018 never disappointed me beautiful units with very affordable prices and frequent promotions staffs are friendly and helpful always enjoyed my stay with travelio highly recommended. travelio has good service. this application is super easy to use also provide various apartment options really helpful payment method is very simple keep up the good work. the officers are friendly the service is good prices are affordable and the facilities are quite complete keep improving travelio. good application. convenient application and very useful. there are so many choices of units that you are confused about which one to choose complete facilities the unit matches the photo and is clean too the staff who helped with check in were very friendly keep up the good work travelio. good service. the apartment is nice. damn this is a good application to use very nice application user friendly the customer service is very accommodating and the transaction is very fast when it comes to booking apartments and i admit i love the discount recommend travelio good job thanks. easy booking and check in process. nice unit easy checkin process love it. clean unit roomboy on time thank you. clean units. very good application and fast service affordable prices very satisfied using it for an apartment in bsd tangerang for the last 1 year excellent travelio. very good application great service and affordable prices i recommend travelio to my friends original testimonial i used it for an apartment in tangerang bsd very comfortable for 10 months. very helpful. this application is very helpful in finding apartment units that can be rented daily weekly or monthly the staff are also friendly and kind and very communicative. very good. onboarding is smooth so far according to expectations. easy to use application it s just that we still need to improvise to overcome the bugs. the unit rental process is easy the staff is helpful and serves very well and friendly. fast response and easy check in process. good service clean units. fast and alert. please improve the chat application so it will be easier for us to use thank you. fast service. thank you mr zeid for helping with the check in process greatpp. good in terms of satisfaction. good affordable price clean unit. very good for looking for a daily apartment. very easy and worth it. mas mukti the service is friendly. highly recommended easy to use user friendly and nice experience when using it. good recommended. fast response. mas mukti is very friendly. booking is quite easy there are many choices of units. good highly recommended. very useful and good application. the application is easy to use. ontime clean. the apartment fits the advertisement and is quite good and clean. good services. good experience in check in process. very satisfactory. easy and affordable. the check in process was fast room boy mr mukti was friendly. i usually book here basically it s good. mas riandi is very helpful. good location. rooms are spacious comfortable price is appropriate good and fast service. an application that makes it easy to rent apartment accommodation in several areas of indonesia with good service and quality from travelio staff. good experience i was very well served by mr albar. a suitable application if you want a short stay there are many choices of units and the prices are quite affordable. good thank god. sis mukti s service is very friendly. thank god it s really easy to rent an apartment on travelio the apartment is nice clean thank you travelio. thank you travelio the service is really good the customer service is really fast. mas mulyono is friendly. staying at travelio bandung wow the big unit with the family turns out to be more comfortable because you can cook overall will return to travelio. dani apartment ok clean and comfortable. thank you very helpful. good application with ease of use. good service fast response good attitude for all process have fun using this application. the former makes the choice of apartment. well informed staff and very helpful. the room boy aden is communicative and friendly the room is clean the facilities are complete and the wifi is 5g the check in process is easy. it was really nice check in was so easy. it s really easy to use there are lots of apartment choices payment methods are also varied and most importantly there are lots of promotions too hihihi thankyou travelio. the service is okay tengkyu. good with mr aldo. helpfull awesome service. friendly and smooth thank you. great experience more adventures useful services with efficient budget. the travel person was really nice and wanted to wait until we arrived to help check in. it s good and nice staff. according to expectations. easy to use fast and simple checkin process excellent. with mas yuda s staff satisfying. the unit meets expectations the room is clean comfortable and nice. thanks mas mukti for the good hospitality. nice application. thank you sir suryana. the waiter is quite good the room is also comfortable. good service clean unit. nice and neat great with mas mukti. friendly polite roomboy easy process competitive room prices. clean room fast check in. the price is right the service is fast you have to try it. thank you for the good service. nice and clean unit fast check in process thank you travelio. ok fast friendly and clear. thank you mr rizal for helping me check in. best service. fast and steady service. complete facilities functions well the place is good too the location is very easy to access from the concert venue ice bsd. pleasant. clean room best service. it was very comfortable using travelio especially staying at the summarecon davalia 9 20 apartment. the service was quite good with mr samson. travelio has helped my holiday in bandung. agent service on time. the room boy is communicative and friendly so does the customer service they helped me with their detailed explanation. fast and simple. the apartment is clean and easy to service. the room is clean the boy s room is nice. unit meets expectations friendly staff recommended. good very good response thank you. good application clean unit friendly roomboy. as expected. nice thank you all. thank you travelio. easy check in friendly staff ok facilities recommended for those who want to staycation. nice service. the application is quite easy to use. good friendly and timely service. good service and easy to use. good service good hospitality. very usefull the first use had no problems at all good job. very good. good friendly staff. rooms and facilities meet expectations clean neat rooms and facilities are ready to use upon entry ms adel s customer very supportive fast response excellent friendly good communication called back and forth anytime the response was very fast the information was clear and precise the location is strategic easy to go anywhere next time i want to book a staycation again. best affordable checking in order is not complicated. fast process friendly. transactions check in and check out are all easy mas aldi the officer who helped was also cool and communicative a 2 day holiday with office friends will be exciting thank you travelio. the unit is good but the door to the balcony doesn t have a lock. friendly service mukti really helped with the check in process. the service is very friendly the unit is very clean and water towels and soap are provided. dody is very helpful and very friendly thank you travelio. good quality clean. check in process and friendly staff. excellent service. mukti is good. first experience but nice. good service easy and fast continue success travelio thank you. good check in. there are many choices of apartments and the apartment facilities match the description comfortable for long and short term rentals. nice application fast response from the admin and complete information regarding the rental. good enough for a staycation with friends. easy check in easy to use application. mas redi is great helpful. it s helpful and makes my trip easier i highly recommend this application. mas rizal the service is really good thank you travelio. nice application service. check in with mr simson great fast process and friendly person. very fast service from travelio employees mr wahiddi is also friendly highly recommended. the room boy on behalf of riandi really helped me. excellent service thank you. according to expectations fast process helpful room boy friendly and on time good job. easy to find apartment with good facilities very helpful. great assist. friendly room boy good job. mr bambang. the rooms are nice and the service is perfect. the room is comfortable complete internet is ok so good. easy and simple. very satisfied. the application is easy the service is good and the staff is friendly. the room was clean mas mukti came on time and was very kind thank you. quite annoying at my first time its ok. the first experience using travelio was quite good so far it is quite recommended. good service. room boy is good rooms are clean service is good thanks. easy to use and the price is good. my first time using this application to book the apartment and the customer service response was fast and polite thank you for the hospitality and hope travelio will get better thanks. good service room boy is agile it s just that the application is slow and the customer service is slow to respond. good roomboy. excellent mukhti s room boy is friendly and kind. the experience of staying using travelio services turned out to be very impressive with friendly service. nice clean and reasonable price. great thank you mas suryana. very helpful in booking apartments. thank you for travelio s service. the application is okay. the process is fast. quite helpful. hi it was a pleasant experience using this application and it really helped my business journey friendly service and clean rooms hopefully it can be maintained like this. the unit is clean the furniture is still functional and neat clean bed if i go to sby i will choose this unit again. very satisfying service assisted until i checked into the room. this is the first time i ve found a room boy who is on time thank you. check in officer mr bambang was very helpful. the application is easy and easy to choose the unit according to the required location. the staff s name is mas mukti the service is good it comes on time clean rooms. affordable the agent is friendly the unit is good clean and complete. clean room friendly room boy. met mas albar who was very helpful with the check in process and very good service. very good. everthing is good. easy to use friendly staff affordable price thank you. the room boy is good the facilities are according to what is stated in the application. good choice. easy daily apartment rental complete facilities affordable prices. good job zainal help with the check in process and use the application. recommended unit 1905 tower elodea. good customer service. solid training. friendly and on time service prices are also affordable. very good service. room boy mas ahmad really helped me with the check in process friendly polite and initiative thank you mas ahmad. travelio is the easiest fastest and cheapest way for you to rent an apartment. very helpful to find good accommodation in jakarta. practical solutions at very competitive prices. good application easy to operate and most importantly according to me the customer service is quick to respond hopefully it will continue to develop. good experience get a polite room boy my room is clean excellent. having a good time using travelio. admin friendly. nice and easy. delicious the rooms are clean the room boy is also easy to contact. muliyono anderson 11 26. attractive user interface and competitive prices maybe you can choose a theme with varying colors. simple check up cleaning apartment and close to mall. clean rooms at reasonable prices checking in is easy and the location is convenient close to the best cafes in yogya. thank you mr rizal for help with check in. mr albar ok friendly fast check in process thanks. good jos friendly clean thank you. renting an apartment is easy and cheap you won t regret renting from travelio the customer service and roomboys are friendly thank you travelio. good i think please update it. friendly and clean. good application lots of promotions and discounts from good apartments. easy to find housing according to your wishes the staff is friendly. excellent service and useful application. for an alternative staycation other than going to a hotel i ve tried the units several times the units are good they re not inferior to hotels if you want to rent monthly it s cheaper than going through conventional agents and sometimes they give attractive promotions good job. very nice service and selection of units stayed here for both business and leisure purposes both are satisfying and got no problems at all will try their other units next time. travelio application are user friendly syahrul staff is attentive the unit is clean and tidy everything is good. very useful application. very helpful in finding daily housing fast service. thank you travelio fast response and very helpful. apartment rental application that is comfortable and easy to use thank you for service. i have used travelio almost every week and everything was perfect the staffs are really friendly and the units are also super clean. the best experience using the travelio application starting from the friendly customer service and easy to use application. comfy and good experience user friendly with good ui and simply adorable with promotion also excellent service. the service is good the customer service is super friendly and always helps whenever there are problems next time definitely order via travelio again. thank you mr rizal for your help with check in and the unit is ok. the rooms are clean strategic location. best service by rizal. mr rizal s service is very friendly and detailed thank you. easy to use this application for checking hotels and apartments. nice clean and ok. affordable apartment rental very good service quality cool unit thanks travelio. mr farhan is really nice guy. clean rooms mr agung is friendly. the compensation money due to the old checkin was transferred on 22 09 by a third party thank you for your response best. first time using this application and very helpful. so far so good thanks. the checkin process is fast and the unit is also suitable affordable price thank you. the room is clean solihan. friendly clean okay. very helpful competitive prices. nice service friendly hospitality. really affordable fast service and really clear guidance recommended all thanks to mr faldi for helping me out. fast check in simple and easy. good person mr rizal. just tried it for the first time it s safe. the service is very friendly and helpful. mr rizal was very helpful when checking in. quick response as expected. the best application for searching for apartments. the apartment is ok but the application needs updating. check in was easy and assisted until it was finished. 01ah thank you mas suryana the room is safe. thank you mas suryana the room is safe. keep it up for the quality. great cool good. thank you mas rizal excellent service. great clean and the people are friendly good. responsive handling. great service affordable prices. thank you very much. the process is fast easy the service is friendly sis fadli was very helpful in the check in process. great for a concert very close the guys are also friendly. easy to use if you directly book through the application but if you booked from a third party you need to move ur booking first but the staff is helpful and communicative deposit will be returned about 5 days. simple process. ok according to application. mas riandi the service is ok. check in was easy everything was helped well by mr m alfan the unit is also clean and fits the application. ok the location matches the photo room boy informative thanks. the room is okay the master is good. perfect service from mr solihan. it s good and ordering apartment is getting easier thank you. fast clean apart process. the unit is good according to the description and the operational team is very friendly. thank you mr rizal the unit is clean and comfortable. okay boyroom friendly and punctual rooms clean and spacious. i really like the service especially the staff mas dwi ramdhan who helped me check in. rent an apartment on travelio affordable price quality is no joke thank you mr dwi ramadhan for helping me with the check in process and helping me carry my things. sis zaenal is kind and friendly super easy to coordinate checkin. the service is polite. the roomboy is fast and friendly. good accommodation. nice application for booking rooms. it s pretty good but sometimes the application errors. good service fast checkin. the check in process was very easy the unit met expectations. mas riandi fast response and friendly. mas rizal has prepared a suitable room and provided satisfactory service. thank you mr solihan for your satisfactory service. the rooms are clean and comfortable. the application is very helpful. first impression the room is comfortable homey quiet enough for resting. thank you to mas rizal who helped check in well. ok but a little lag in chat. quite affordable. clean room easy booking. the check in process was easy the staff mas solihan was responsive friendly. great checkin sm rizky clear explanation. check in was easy and polite by mr rizky thank you. very good. checkin assisted by mr rizky ontime and clean. the room boy is very friendly and the service is satisfactory keep improving thanks. good service excellent by mr rizky. service is ok service by reynaldi is polite and friendly recommended. well done solihan. great application thank you vicky. the check in experience was very easy mas rizki really helped thank you. check in on time and maximum service. thank you mr rizal. mas rizky has been so helpful during the check in process nice hospitality. clean unit friendly service from rizki. thank god the first time i ordered didn t disappoint there was ms regina who called from the customer service and mr yusup who helped with the check in process thank you travelio. alhamdulillah very welcome and the best service with mas jherly thank you. quite helpful when looking for accommodation in various areas. ok okay service okay. thank you travelio the rooms are comfortable and clean and the staff are friendly. easy to use good application. the room boy on behalf of riyandi provided satisfactory service. mas zaenal is really excellent. extraordinary service. neatly clean unit according to room boy service. good 5 stars good attitude. great good service. the explanation is clear and friendly. easy check in. the process is good and easy friendly very smooth. it s ok friendly service. very good help for me who likes staycations. good the appearance is simple it s not complicated if you want to filter. nice accommodation goods service. good service staff are friendly and very helpful thank you ms adel. mas riandi is alert and fast in his service and very friendly. always use this application. thank you ms adel for helping me check in. good service and check in. room ok clean complete satisfactory service. mas riyandi thank you for the fast service. the application is cool. easy to use friendly people. clean and fast. the application is easy to use in choosing a unit there are many kinds of units at various prices and of course the units are clean so they are comfortable to stay in with family or close friends. easy checkin process room boy on time. travelio team on time easy check in. very accessible helpful family friendly the rooms are also comfortable. easy to use mr redi is easy to deal with on time and fast response. nice process. the best apartment application. the process is easy and the price is affordable too. the roomboy was very friendly and check in was also fast thanks mr rizkypangestu as the guide next order here. good service. it s quite fun to use the apartment booking application instantly and quickly thank you travelio. mas riandi s service is okay. mas riandi okay. excellent the check in process was easy and the roomboys were all nice very helpful. first check in review nice guidance nice room so tidy and clean. the room is clean the friend samson is friendly and on time great. okay all good no problems the atmosphere is also good thank you. application is easy to use agung s room boy is friendly the only downside is that the photo doesn t match the original but it s not too bad facilities still function well. the check in process was smooth and mas alfan was also friendly in helping with check in. i checked in easily and on time thank you mas faldi. it s looking good and services looking comfortable. i am satisfied with the room boy s service who is friendly polite arrives on time. nice recommended by friend. good mas viki s room boy service is very good. sis aji roomboy was very helpful and made checking in easy. clean room and friendly staff. mas fiki recommended guider. mas rizal the service is very good. the check in process with muhammad alfan s staff was easy. mas zainalabadin nice. thank you mr rizal. fast booking. ordering was very easy the room boy was polite the room met expectations. nice and fast response for urgent matters solihan for b residences nice service. mas riandi s service is ok and fast. the room boy is friendly the room is clean. good experience good waiter i was helped by rizki staff. good service and awesome application. cool cool. the check in process was easy and friendly. the service provided by fiqi was very good. using the application is easy the staff is very friendly and the service flow is very clear. mr zaenal s service is really good. the check in experience with mr rizki was very friendly and cooperative. friendly fast easy service. checked in with travelio mr rizky was very satisfied. good service from room boy. mas rizky s service is friendly and good. namaa viki waiter good on time. nice service mr rizal excellent. nice service by rizal. service ok. i met room boy m alfan he arrived on time and was very friendly. the room is neat according to the picture room boy is friendly and punctual. mas rizal the check in service was very satisfying on time friendly and very helpful thumbs up to mr rizal bravo travelio. convenient and fast process. good service and clean room. clean room good service and fast response by guide room mr m suryana at elpis residence lt 11 c 05 thanks. nice and simple check in process. the fiqh room boy is good and on time. check in process is easy. unit meets expectations travelio s operations faldi arrived on time and handled check in well. the checkin process is easy. the service is quite friendly the booking process is easy. the checkin process was so helfull thank you a bunch bro for your help. thank you for the service and cleanliness of the unit the staff zainal was also very helpful in the check in process unit meets expectations and price. m fiki all good. well done mr fiqh. on time check in nice unit. really cozy place nice room boy. mas adji service is okay. affordable and nice place to stay. clean comfortable and spacious apartment room boy mas rizki was very friendly and really helped with the check in process. the operational team is very helpful his name is mr ibnu thank you. best experience. ntabs bro pikih. i was served by mas rizal good service and capable when asked anything i am very happy to try travelio for the first time. good service and good operational team thank you mr solihan for your help. easy to order cheap price good service. clean room according to expectations. thanks for polite room boy. m fiqh very ok. units ok price is not expensive staff service is satisfactory. good and friendly service. the room is clean and check in process is simple price is very affordable. the unit is good. fast and easy to use thank you travelio. easy to reach and easy to gain access. clean unit check in on time great. the service is ok the room is clean the room boy is friendly kind not arrogant and likes to save basically using travelio is really good. fast check in process. room boy mas jamal is friendly and punctual the unit is quite spacious ordering is quite easy. friendly staff service is good the rules are well explained standard and clear the system is quite easy as long as the data is complete. thank you mr dwi ramadhan for helping me check in the apartment and travelio staff service were very good next time booking at travelio again. fast service and room boy responds quickly recommendation thanks. fast service good service. nice bro rizal. good functionality and fast check in. clean good. good service nice rooms cheap price. thank you mr rizal. improve quality. nice and clean. nice and simple application quick response for the operator. the operator mas rizal is friendly has clear explanations. everything runs fine. good fast process. the room was okay and the entry process was fast. solution for saving money for staycation. good apartment. great clean according to expectations. for now the service is good. good service and clean. easy to use from process to completion. good service and on time. mya s bedroom is clean complete facilities. good service very helpful. the unit is very good. anyway pol. simple check in the room was clean and fragrant according to what was posted on travelio. easy communication. the application is easy to use and helps find accommodation. check in was easy smooth and friendly. the application is very helpful and rom boy agung prabowo explains it in detail travelio is always moving forward. simple modern good service. excellent amd comfortable room with affordable price reliable store only with walking distance. the check in process was smooth. easy to find a room according to expectations. helpfull thanks travelio. simple booking method friendly staff clean room. clean rooms and good service. nice room clean room friendly and helpful room boy. everything is good. ok good fast response clean. nice application and easy to use. check in on time and helpful. fast service friendly staff very good experience. property ok easy booking. good easy ordering. clean room and affordable price. okay the staff who helped check in were friendly and helpful hopefully the service can be improved further thanks. friendly service responsive and informative. good process. good application thank you for helping us to find a great home to stay. good and on time. excellent service. great service and experience. the check in process was easy the staff were friendly and responded quickly. friendly service neat clean and fragrant unit. good and quick service. so far good and polite check in support. the service is good and the application are ok too. fast check in. cheap price check this out quickly. good for booking. the room boy is friendly informative and directs the room clearly thank you. the check in process was easy the staff were informative and friendly. serivce is good and easy. very helpful in finding a new place to live. ok comfortable unit fast service. thank you good service. nice place. the booking method is fast and the staff is friendly. the application is user friendly and the admin is very helpful. good application best service. using the application is very easy and friendly for beginners. simple check in. great clean comfortable. good service easy checkin. easy to use and good service. kind and friendly. easy access as long as you follow the terms of the instructions makes renting easier thank you very much. the application was so easy to use quick response loading and also very helpful for travelers. according to expectations. very helpful in finding a place to stay. the check in experience with mr rizki was very easy and enjoyable thank you travelio and mr rizki. easy application. fast check in and good service. the check in process with op staff was good. neat room easy check in friendly service. comfortable fast response good service. good experience. mas is friendly and very helpful thank you. satisfactory service the roomboy is very friendly. easy check in clean room. easy check in room ok. easy booking affordable price friendly roomboy. service okay the room is clean. very easy and friendly. the check in process is easy. the apartment is comfortable and clean. nice and clean. easy booking ok rooms ok communication. it was a great experience. clean as shown in the photo. travelio has many choices of units and the prices are affordable. the roomboy is friendly good service the room matches the picture. the check in process was good. really enjoy using travelio. recommended application. the check in process was easy and the unit was clean and safe. the boss is friendly the room smells good and is clean. check in is simple and easy and the price is affordable. hanif hermawan really helped me with the check in process big congratulations to him. polite and nice mr alfan. really helped. good application for a good time the room boy sabila was made my book easier. the service is very friendly and fast instructions are clear thank you. recommended rental application. friendly service. good service neat. great the place is clean the service is also good and very helpful. clean unit easy checkin process. convenient location the place is also strategic. the room boy named yoga is friendly kind and on time and very helpful when checking in. quick service nice room and nice price. check in was fast and guided well. the unit is good and the operational team is on time excellent. application run smoothly and lots of options in the application. thank you for your satisfactory assistance. easy service. the apartment unit in tabglin is nice and the service from the room boy mas yoga is also very satisfying on time and friendly. clean comfortable unit friendly clear service. friendly room boy service all good. nice place and quite comfortable. unit matches description. good service unk room boy sofakhukman. the application is good service has improved much better. easy ordering the unit matches the application and the price is cheaper than booking a hotel. renting an apartment here is good and the process is fast. easy to use. redi s good service was very helpful. did a great job. the room is clean as expected the process is not complicated. quick check in. very good very trustworthy very easy and helpful. really like the application it s really easy lots of promos. it s easy to use and easy to book a hotel room. kind and friendly. easy cheap and fast. nice room boy. the unit is good and cheap. ok travelio has lots of promos it s really recommended. nice service. room boy on time. nice room and customer service. easy booking process. friendly roomboy. cool and satisfying service. good service. thank you to heru bassura for his help with travelio services in bassura. comfortable residence friendly and responsive service. nice service. the problem was resolved professionally and i am satisfied with the solution provided. keep up the good work. easy fast booking cheap prices good rooms and staff. the service is satisfying the room is clean and comfortable thank you for your help mas achmad fauzi for your service. so far good. perfect application. so far it s safe. home and easy service comfortable unit. the unit is clean easy to reach not complicated. very helpful for finding a place to stay and at an affordable price. okay simple and responsive. convenient polite admins officers very much suitable for all age users. good service and fast response. fast process and lots of promotions. very comfortable service is very friendly. good roomboy service friendly and simple. very satisfying fast in execution rooms and friendly service. easy ordering good service. really worth it. the check in process was easy the room met expectations comfortable the service was easy and friendly. ordering was easy the customer service live chat was informative i even ordered in the middle of the night and i also called customer service to confirm the booking and give me info i checked in at night the customer service mas agung was friendly informative and easy to contact there is also a discount promo for first bookings by the way my unit was clean and complete. good application. the process is easy fast and smooth the staff is friendly and helpful thank you. friendly service comfortable unit. recommended staycation place good service from mr rivaldi thanks. staff friendly helpful fast response the unit is clean and neat thankyou mr achmad fauzi and all the staff. the application is okay not complicated the service is also okay. easy and friendly service. very good atmosphere clean unit. very helpful and on time as expected. very friendly complete and fast process easy use recommended. neat clean unit affordable price according to expectations. first time using this application is very easy and customer service is very supportive to connect thank you. efficient and nice application for booking. clean unit good room boy good service overall everything is good. simple check in on time responsive and clean place. very helpful. nice rooms cleanliness is also okay and service is good. nice place comfortable. good service great prices unif clean. good response. great roomboy friendly. clean comfortable according to price. easy simple. it s easy to order at competitive prices customer service service is good and friendly. nice room affordable price simple check in. the most affordable price and unit. easy to use application nice. thank you to mr luwid s staff for introducing this very useful application. the check in process was easy lovely. the application was pretty slow but booking was easy quick response. good condition. cool clean unit satisfying. comfortable and quiet. check in is easy and fast. good room very clean. good application and good service. mas redi fast response polite okay unit competitive price. the application is quite simple many property choices user s friendly recommended for looking for property options that you want to rent for a short time. always great service. nice room good room boy affordable price. clean cheap. nice and friendly application. my massage rrtarn me please. the place is clean comfortable. operational staff service is very good i was helped well by mr suardi who was friendly and quick in his service and response the unit i live in now is very clean and comfortable. the customer service is great and it s easy to book. good and fast rental of sumarecon bekasi apartments. simple and good service. the price is right. good service and fast response. checked in at the grand kamala lagoon tower barclay south 35 28 the unit was clean neat the room boy mr albar was also friendly and arrived even earlier than promised extra point thank you mr albar the check in and communication process was also very easy recommended. ok very helpful thanks. clean nice minimalist. ease of check in thanks travelio. makes it easy to find a place outside the city. a place to find apartment rentals that is simple and easy to use. the customer service is friendly the rooms are also clean yoga. anti complicated crazy. good room boy. check in is easy fast unit is clean satisfying thank you sir yoga. the check in process was very easy the apartment was clean and the room boy was very friendly helpful. the application is solid very helpful when on holiday to find accommodation. it helped me a lot thanks. mas yoga on time very friendly good his explanations are easy to understand. nice service and excellent units. fast service and everything included is great. the travelio application is very good and very easy to use when booking tickets. over all it s a great application for renting an apartment house and others very much recommended and trusted. the travelio application makes it very easy for users to find accommodation and rental accommodation for many people. thank you for your help mr miraji. the best application makes it easy for customers to choose a unit to stay in. good service clean comfortable rooms. a very useful application for nomads who want to find housing. this application is very helpful for traveling there s a lot of units with the best price you can get it s very user friendly the photos and description are also really helpful thanks travelio. it s easy to book a unit to stay for a week the unit is always well prepared and cleaned. first time using travelio got the cheapest price compared to other platforms and got a really new unit so we are the first thanks travelio. fast service and relatively cheap prices the choice of units for rent is also good. nice application. good room boy clean room. the apartment is quite clean and the service is friendly the best. best service. the application is great especially the apartment. easy to book cheap price comfortable place. the best application for renting apartments. problem solved customer service chat is responsive but it s best to make ticketing mode. the application is good and very helpful. complete and easy application. this application is very helpful we are bored with hotels and their shapes here apartments have a different feel to hotels but with better hospitality. travelio s service is very good and easy to access. it really helped me to find an affordable apartment rental thank you travelio. been better and easier to use. easy booking comfortable place price ok. good application nice and clean apartment. full of surprises this application is very helpful for searching for property. the application is very easy and usefull all the information is already there and the customer service sales is very helpful and friendly. very useful application easier to find long stay accommodations with this application. the appearance of the application makes it easy to order the check in check out system is also organized and directed hopefully travelio will be more advanced in the future. travelio was very helpful when looking for a unit when checking in and checking out. the application is easy to understand and responds quickly. easy to use application nice appearance. thanks for your service easy to use nice so far. makes it easier to find accommodation while traveling. the prices are affordable the staff is friendly and responds quickly. book an apartment easily. there are many choices of apartments that are nice to stay in and comfortable in your pocket the best. good informative lots of choices. my first time at travelio came to the grand palace kemayoran the unit was large the staff were friendly. easy to use and very helpful application. very useful for families who want to go on holiday apartment with many choices of rooms so you can adjust it to your needs what s certain is that the price is affordable really cool. there are many choices of units making it very easy to find an apartment to stay in. travelio is a very good application that makes it easy for people to make orders and the customer service is also friendly thank you. very satisfied with its performance comfortable and no problems good job. always had a fantastic experience good job. there are many choices of units easy to order the price is also competitive the check in process is also easy. this application is really helpful. i really enjoyed booking via travelio the application is easy to understand the rooms are clean the check in staff is on time and most importantly payment can be paid in installments without a credit card enjoy your staycation. not a five star hotel but great quality apartments. excellent informative. easy check in helpful service. the room met expectations and was nice. travelio always provides the best in terms of facilities and services the best. very easy to book. mr yogi was very helpful in the check in process. affordable prices the best friendly staff. best application there are lots of apartment choices the prices are cheap the units are clean and comfortable the staff are very helpful really recommended. have used it often safe clean fast. the service is very good. the application is really good very helpful. affordable price cheaper then hotel with more facilities. very helpful and makes life easier. very useful and very helpful. thank you travelio. nice stay here fast response. mas albar as the travelio team was very helpful the unit is good and in accordance with the conditions in the application continued success travelio. best experience. the application is cool. easy and reliable. the process was easy and the room met expectations. good application for staycations. good friendly. five stars from me over all. nice apartment with quite complete equipment. good service good room boy recommended. the most affordable price for renting a room. easy check in. great friendly service. stay comfortable. the service is amazing very fast the response is cool. love this application because it fives a lot of information that i need it the most and very responsive especially for a new person in town it will help us to find the place easily i hope the team of this application will have a lot of benefit from this and all of you will have a great life a head lots of love ay. it s easy to book a unit to stay for a week the unit is always well prepared and cleaned. good friendly room boy cool. ordering process good. this is my first time renting an apartment via application and luckily i found out that there is a travelio application which makes it really easy to order check in and check in and the customer service is very communicative the apartment facilities provided are also in accordance with the original really recommend the application for renting an apartment. very nice service thank you sir agung. same like brochure. the rooms are clean smell good really make a bet will often rent here again. varied options affordable price friendly service. thank you the service is very very good and the facilities are really worth it and the prices are affordable the service is also very friendly. it is very convenient easy to use and very helpful. nice and easy to use. this application helped me so much. the experience of staying in the apartment for 2 months was satisfying easy to order daily monthly and yearly customer service is very helpful if i have questions or encounter difficulties travelio engineers can also be called when the unit experiences problems the rental contract is clear and transparent bills and deposits are also sent via email highly recommended for those who want to try staying in an apartment thank you travelio. thank you for an extraordinary stay. the service from the admin is very good and fast ordering is easy and not complicated. the right place to look for apartment information. good application and team response but i have a bad experience at the apartment i rent. very good friendly very patient okay. over all good. good application and easy to use excellent. good application with a professional team the roomboy is on time and friendly the room is cool. great very useful application. thanks for your service good attitude and very welcome response fast enough by chat and very patience to answer some of my questions for the deposit it s refund in hand1 since checking out i was renting for 2d1n but checked out earlier i think it s recommended to use this application for the rent apartment or seek for hotel thanks. this application is really good there are lots of promotions. clean nice comfortable unit. the apartment is comfortable it s very easy to book with travelio the explanations from customer service and room pic were clear and very helpful. good service and friendly welcoming staff. i am always with travelio. this application is easy to use and very helpful. great application very helpful for looking for cheap housing. good application easy to use very helpful for finding housing. easy to use and good application. good application. this application really helps me to find a place to stay quickly and according to my wishes. very helpful. great application and easiest way to find your comfortable stay. simple process. best application to find your dream house. the application interface design is quite attractive the color selection is quite contrasting the writing is also quite clear and easy to read so it s easier to find what you re looking for. the facilities and service from the travelio team are good the response is good if you need information. cleanliness number 1 very comfortable. the service is good. this is my first experience using this application when traveling overall ok clean unit responsive employees continued success travelio and teams. thanks travelio stay healthy. comfortable the service is good. the roomboy is friendly the check in check out process is also easy fully furnished apartment too thank you travelio. invited a friend to have a staycation in an apartment when i got there the room was really nice clean like in a hotel apparently i used travelio next time i want to have a staycation too using travelio. i have a few apartments managed by travelio they keep it clean and comfortable i don t need to worry and so helpful for operating rentals during the pandemic thanks. keep working and be proud. recommended application for searching comfortable stay user friendly to simplify our life with 1 application. easy to use application and helpful to find the accommodation the staff is well mannered and good on service affordable and comfortable to stay. staying at travelio was very comfortable the room was clean the staff was friendly and responsive. really recommended for those who want to staycation in a villa and rent an apartment apart from offering affordable prices we also get lots of promos the booking process is easy anyway great. staying at travelio the room was clean and comfortable the staff was friendly and responsive. the place is clean comfortable and the service is friendly. friendly staff affordable prices clean apartments. clean cozy atmosphere. very good application the apartment is clean and makes anyone comfortable. the application is very helpful there are also many choices. the application is good very helpful 33. easy to use application and helpful to find accommodation we can find almost all apartment units according to our needs which has a good price thank you. great affordable price. affordable prices comfortable place. travelio is very good the application is easy and the prices are affordable thank you travelio. best application for renting apartments easy to use and very helpfull staff upon check in. first time finding an application that is really useful the service and the place are great this has become an application that i will definitely use when i travel for work. the application was helpful and the service was great will definitely use it again in the future. it s crazy great here very satisfied with the service. the place on way putih is very comfortable and the staff are friendly and alert. thank you very much travelio for helping us with accommodation. good service responsive customer service. very good service hopefully it will be more successful thank you. nice application affordable price. the place is clean and comfortable the service is very good the facilities are very good. the staff is always helpful the cleanliness and service is beyond doubt the monthly and annual stay recommendation from the office is always travelio. from the start of moving into jakarya at the grand palace apartment in kemayoran i used travelio the cheapest price the most complete facilities the friendliest staff and the cheapest parking since arta. the service is fast and friendly booking is easy the facilities are also okay. check in was smooth the unit corresponded to the description. i don t often write reviews on some application but when i do i think the application must be good. the place is nice clean the staff is also friendly the application is also easy. cool like the application display. application are easy to use. easy ordering very helpful and the staff service at check in and check out was very friendly very satisfying good job. the facilities are complete and the service is okay satisfying. the service was really satisfying you weren t disappointed especially the cleanliness excellent bgt. additional options for finding accommodation so far okay. stay via the travelio application very affordable for the price and unit. usefull and the application are easy to use. the application is very helpful when urgently needed. very nice application easy to use. i like the apartment in the grand palace kemayoran the employees respond well and are easy to contact good service good luck for the future. easy check in staff really helpful clean room deposit back in 24 hours after check out recommended. travelio s flexibility for short term rentals really helped me a lot moreover his cooperative attitude was very helpful when he urgently needed a temporary place to stay for 1 month because a family member had just recovered from covid the deposit is also very rational excellent class rental provider. there are many choices for renting apartments both daily and monthly and the choice of apartments is good thanks. good unit clean comfortable like 5stars hotel standard. helpful enough to find a place to live. their staff are very responsible to respond to your issue and they fix it immediately great application to help you find the apartment you want. good application for local. clearer and more numerous. overall satisfactory. recommended. yesterday i was a little doubtful about this application but after trying to book an apartment on travelio i immediately realized that it was very useful first time booking at the galeri ciumbeleuit 3 apartment in bandung in my opinion the value for money is really good when checking in assisted by the travelio team the team arrived according to the check in time specified in the unit there is wifi and you can cook too the linen smells great the unit is clean will definitely book again with travelio thanks travelio love it. great application to rent a living space trusted. easy to use. nice application. the service is very friendly and fast. extremely helpful application affordable and comfortable thanks travelio. easy and usefull. the place is comfortable clean and close to shopping centers checking in is very easy and very helpful staff pak rizal thank you travelio. clean room the check in process was easy with expert staff mr diki. recommended application fast response and very clean room thanks. good service recommended. nice service easy checkin clean unit. nice room reasonable price and nice roomboy. the rooms are good and fully furnished. the service from mas rizky was very good the rooms were clean the facilities were complete. the unit is clean the service is good. good service and kind operator good decision. good service easy and reasonable price. application is easy to use the staff can handle my complaint really well stay for 3 months and got my deposit back at 2 weeks after checkout miss already my first apartment. very friendly staff and clean apartment. by providing empty units managed by travelio empty units become productive and better maintained. happy to work with travelio my apartment unit was handled well and to date it has been rented several times hopefully the collaboration can continue well. good service on time and clean according to expectations. quick easy clean. the service from novandri is very good the room is clean and appropriate it is very suitable for vacation or business thank you travelio. mas agam is very friendly and helpful. give more promotions please. cheaper room prices. user friendly and affordable prices. very helpful. process fast staff very cooperative i like the application very much. responsive team good quality. the place is neat very clean and the service is good. ordering is simple and fast. the service is the best 5 stars the room is very comfortable. affordable price for room in the middle of the city especially compared with others. application that makes it easy to find cheap apartments for daily monthly even yearly basis excellent. this application makes it easy to find daily apartment rentals with complete and clean apartment conditions. room boy staff is nice. mas yoga s waiters are really clean. check in went smoothly with andika aribowo putra staff friendly staff and clean rooms. application is easy to use check in is easy staff is very well mannered and helpful great experience. northview is great. nice room convenient location. the room is clean. the rooms are okay according to the image always successful. been staying for 6 months at m town signature and booked from travelio travelio service staff was very good though and helpful will book from travelio again when definitely need a place to stay in indonesia again in the future highly recommended. best platform for renting apart easy to use and good service by all staff. an excellent application for renting out your apartment as an owner i am very satisfied with the service from travelio in managing my unit. easy to use makes it easy to find a rental the rooms are clean and of good quality prices are competitive very recommended application for finding temporary accommodation. good efficient to find rental apartments. the service is excellent the application are user friendly best platform for renting apartments with reasonable price. the chat is fast and responsive. the place is really okay. fast response. good staff mr andika and clean property. easy to rent and monitor the income for your property they are also responsible for doing maintenance and cleaning your property as well. simple application. nice application with good performance and attitude. the check in and booking process was ok. the unit is clean comfortable as shown in the photo description travelio team came in time according to information. service is very good. clean clean comfortable place. what s even cooler is that there is a cheap rental package for 1 weekend 3 days. the service is good the facilities are also good the rooms are clean the staff are friendly it s easy to book. good application very helpful. good service ok application easy checkin and the team is responsive and informative recommended. useful great. clean room good facilities good price. the service was very satisfying the operator who helped with check in was very cooperative and helpful the unit was very clean and tidy. best check in was easy really helpful. easy check in process the staff is helpful. nice to stay taman sari la grande andica. booking for parents who came from surabaya they were very happy and wanted to come again with other families at another time and asked to stay here again mas dimas his service was extraordinary helpful from showing units booking on the application and helping with all other additional needs it s really like i ve known him for a long time even though this is the first time i ve tried travelio keep up the good work travelio. ordering is easy and fast the admin who handles it is also friendly and informative in delivering it. very helpful in finding temporary housing. best platform for those seeking a place to rent ui is easy to use and staff is very friendly and accommodating very much recommended. ordering is good easy and smooth. good service good experience. good friendly service really a very pleasant experience meeting mass albar. that s really great. good room and recommended. operations arrived on time. great clean unit. easy check in process comfortable place. the unit is clean and comfortable the operations staff is assisted by agung prasetia. useful application the apartment is nice and comfortable the staff are friendly and professional. nice clean neat white fragrance recommended from mr algi excellent. simple check in clean and friendly staff. the application is quite easy to use customer service is friendly and responds quickly the roomboy mas aldi also has good service excellent. good service good service when staying at tamansari apartment with good andyca operations thanks travelio. nice service from the pic dimas muttaqin unit ok. it s easy to use and highly recommended. the staff who helped check in mas tobby were friendly the unit was clean and highly recommended. the unit is clean and tidy operations assisted by mas agung. the place is clean comfortable the travelio service is also really good fast if there is a problem easy check in easy check out really helpful. the guard service is great thank you very much mas dhemas and mas fathir great job. thank you mukti. an application that makes it easier to stay in an apartment. the room is clean and comfortable. clean room. good performance. full application help. impromptu staycations are easier using travelio thank you bro ibnu for the hospitality. nice helpful. the check in process is easy cheap and really helps mobility. room boy choirul friendly service clean neat and complete unit great. all okay recommended for families. service ok. good service clean and friendly room boy mas choirul. very helpful application. great service. simple booking. nice nice rooms well managed check in process is easy very okay. good application and service. very clean. overall good unfortunately the unit is not equipped with a water dispenser. nice and clean. the application is user friendly and the staff are ready to help at any time the apartment unit is okay the utensils in the kitchen are quite complete and in sufficient quantity the location of metropark condominium jababeka is also strategic thanks travelio. trabelio good respot is goods. travelio is good for looking for apartment rooms. thank you mukti. simple and helpful application good service. very satisfying for the service the location is also strategic so fun using the travelio application. good and clean room. good thanks. good service the application is responsive as well. clean and comfortable thank you bisri. good and friendly service. mas tobby s service is friendly and the rooms are clean. easy check in process clean practical rooms with room boy yudhistira. nice room boy rizal very helpful thank you. the application can be used easily. second booking at travelio assisted by andika very satisfying service fast polite and alert thank you andika thank you travelio. rizal s room boy service was very helpful. helpful application. awesome place and helpful customer service and staff thanks a lot bisri. easy and quick. clean comfortable and affordable prices. this check staff is helpful the unit is clean thanks bro agam. clean and the staff are very helpful mas rizal. really cool service from mas albar the explanation is clear and very helpful thanks travelio. nice place and service. friendly for room boy rizal clean room. the service is good and mr berry is also friendly and wants to help me with things. perfect design compact and functional. travelioid good service fast response and clean rooms just satisfied. the rooms are neat clean the furnishings are all new the service is also fast good the staff are also kind polite always respond quickly when contacted. staff is punctual and friendly the unit fits the application and is clean. good for booking apartments. good quality and clean units pic by andika. easy booking price worth it. the unit corresponded to what was offered and the check in process was well assisted. great application. i was helped by rangga fajar on time thank you. great application to book apartments staff are helpful and the room is clean really easy to book. great really easy to use travelio is the best. easy to check in and the price is affordable the staff is friendly really okay. ok and simple apartment bassura city alamanda tower 30th floor cj. clean room nice room boy ichan great service. this application is really helpful for looking for a really comfortable and cozy apartment don t regret it thank you bro ibn. good service and fast. good service and the unit is super clean thank you. easy to book. very in accordance with the description and very satisfied using the room booking with this application. rent an apartment in bassura city the process is easy the staff is friendly and professional thanks travelio. very satisfied with the clean unit thank you travelio. easy ordering affordable prices. very good service for a place to stay very recommended place to stay. good service clean. the service on the application is very good and during the visit thank you. the travelio application is very helpful in finding an apartment to live in we rented a unit at the grand palace kemayoran apartment the unit is nice comfortable and has complete facilities travelio staff are also very friendly and very helpful when we check in thank you dimas muttaqin thank you travelio. the service is fast the accommodation is clean. thank you mr ichan for helping good room. operational boy agam is friendly and kind. the rooms are clean and neatly arranged with a satisfying design and the serving staff are also very friendly towards bisri customers. very easy to book the service is friendly and the rooms are clean and comfortable. life has become easier there are lots of fully furnished apartments to look for. first time using the travelio application to rent an apartment in surabaya the menu in the application is very user friendly the check in service was also very good by mr yoga the condition of the apartment was very clean when checking in. fragrant clean neat ah basically yahud andyca. booking via travelio at mtown residence was satisfactory especially with mas algi priyama helping a lot. thanks for your kindness mr algipriama. thank you mas yanuar for being very helpful. staycation for booking apartments at baileys ciputat the units are spacious clean and comfortable thanks algipriama for helping make the check in process easier. thank you very much for your service travelio i am very satisfied with the field service by mas mukti. great application for staying athlon clean by algi satisfactory service thank you for your help algi priyama. satisfactory service the unit was cleaned by travelio at aeropolis thank you for your help mr algi priyama. kinda forced to install and review the application but overall nicely handled by the operations man diki thanks for the help. the check in process was easy and fast assisted on time by mr doni. easy to book the operational staff is friendly and helpful thank you mas mukti. as expected customer service is very friendly and cooperative easy to use. affordable prices clean place friendly service the best basically travelio thank you diki for helping with the checkin the place has been cleaned and the boss is friendly excellent. the process must be simplified. all services rooms cleanliness equipment are really ok checkout is complicated because the staff is not on standby 24 hours. the service provided is accurate according to the description and also on time thank you achmadfauzi. in the past there were problems several times now there have been a lot of improvements appreciation several messages to me fell through the technical team responded quickly noon bro algi have it like sundanese people say thanks. very good for looking for an apartment definitely managed professionally. helpfull application thank you. nice application easy to use. good job travelio. thank you bro demas. easy to use application very helpful. good application competitive price. many types of apartments to choose from the application is easy to use really recommended try it guys. thank you travelio there are many types of apartments to choose from. the application is easy to use the prices are competitive there are many choices and complete facilities are supported. travelio is an apartment rental application that is easy to use and has competitive prices. good application competitive and affordable prices thank you travelio. in an online world like this this application is really needed the application is easy to use so it helps many people who want to rent an apartment. there are many types of apartments to choose from lots of promotions too the appearance of the application is also simple so it is easy to use basically good. the travelio application is very easy to use to find a fully furnished apartment because there are a large variety of apartments and the prices offered are also very cheap compared to renting an exclusive boarding house apart from renting an apartment in this application we can also rent out the apartment we own. easy to use application and lots of offers as well as competitive prices. the application is good easy to use. recommended for those who want to rent an apartment because there are many types of apartments to choose from lots of promotions too the appearance of the application is also attractive basically good. great competitive prices. easy to use application many types of apartments to choose from at competitive prices. the application is very easy to use the prices offered are very competitive and there are many types of apartments to choose from. the website is easy to use making it very easy for apartment searchers sellers nowadays. an apartment rental application that is easy to use besides that there are many types of apartments to choose from and the prices are competitive. the application is good competitive prices and many types of apartments to choose from. easy to use application and competitive prices. smart application very easy to use most importantly renting or looking for a quality apartment is very easy don t disappoint the apartment is also good payment options are also easy. easy to use application makes it easier for those of us who want to rent a house or apartment thank you travelio. it s a good application and easy to use. a very easy to use application for millennials looking for an apartment as a modern residence with an easy to use website with just one click the prices offered are affordable and the quality of the various types of apartments provided can be chosen they are very good clean comfortable. easy to use application competitive prices and many choices of apartment types. the application is easy to use there are many choices with adequate facilities the prices are friendly and there are lots of discounts. it s easy to use and provides many options of apartments and houses so you can choose what suits you best. the application is easy to use there are many types of apartments to choose from. the application is very easy to use and very helpful when we are looking for apartment rentals thank you travelio. competitive prices lots of choices and easy to find apartments with strategic locations. easy to use application also so many apartments for choosing and have a good price with good facilities. easy to use application can choose the apartment we need very good. first time renting an apartment on travelio and it turns out the application is easy to use excellent. this application is easy to use there are many very competitive prices and adequate facilities for renting apartments just remember travelio. this application helps to find the best place to stay holiday or business trip hope will be better again. i have used the travelio platform this application helps me find apartments that can be rented daily to yearly and how to use it is quite easy. perfect not as complicated as the one next door. the application and service are very good stable always successful. good application with good service. wow that s really ok makes it easier to find accommodation if i want to travel. the price is very competitive. the application is easy to use and comfortable great travelio. easy to use application. easy to use application there are many types of house apartment rental options to choose from according to your needs and of course competitive prices. easy to use application interesting features come on download it. there are many apartments to choose from for a weekend getaway. the application is easy to use and not heavy i can make reservations for villas hotels apartments even houses this is a very useful application thank you. easy to use application prices are competitive and there are many types of apartments to choose from. the application is easy to use and there are many types of apartments to choose from and the prices are competitive thank you travelio. an application that makes it easier for users to go on holiday there are many types of apartments to choose from at affordable prices. many types of apartments to choose from thank you travelio. application that is very easy to use website that is also easy to use cheap and competitive prices many different types of apartments that you can choose from adequate facilities very suitable for those of you who like traveling to find accommodation. this application is really good and you must download it because here there are many types of apartments to choose from. this application is very helpful and effective for finding the best apartments and villas in this application there are many types of apartments to choose from of course villas and apartments that are of interest. makes it easier to find cheaper housing per month there are many types of rooms and the furnishings are good making you comfortable. easy to use application many types of apartments are available to choose from. this application really helped me to choose the many types of apartments to choose from thanks travelio. this application is very helpful and makes it easier for me to find references for places to stay if i want to go on holiday the website is easy to use and the most important thing about the price the price given by travelio is very competitive thank you travelio. the application and website are very easy to use very helpful when going out of town and needing accommodation the prices are also cheap and competitive facilities as stated in the description great travelio. this application is good the application is easy to use and there are many choices for consumers thank you very much. wow the application is easy to use thank you very helpful. i swear this application is really useful i really like this travelio makes it really easy to find a cool apartment. easy to use application competitive prices and many types of apartments to choose from. easy to use application easy to use website competitive prices many types to choose from. the application is really good easy to use the choice of apartments has lots of features and is complete highly recommended. the application is easy to use and the price is competitive. easy to use application many types of apartments to choose from competitive price very helpful thank you. the application is very easy to use and there are also many apartment choices available. the application is very easy to use i can choose all types of apartments according to my wishes good job. this application is very easy to use competitive prices and adequate facilities. easy to use application competitive prices and many types of apartments to choose from. excellent. amazing application very helpful for finding daily and monthly apartments thank you travelio. good application really helpful. real photos with good service best experience. awesome price.